=Project Title=
<b><font size="5"><p style="text-align:center">Apelo Dental Clinic System</p></font></b>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>


==Project Adviser==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jayvee Cabardo</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jayveec@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Janssen Pedrola</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jtpedrola@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Alfonzo Louise De Vera</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">abdevera@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Earl Eufimeah Dahinao</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">etdahinao@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Guiler Marion Regalado</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">grregalado@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Patricia Anne Meltran</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">plmeltran@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<br />

=Company Profile=
<p>Apelo Dental Clinic (ADC) is located in Dr Arcadio Santos Ave, Parañaque City established in 2001. Their mission is to provide quality service with affordable price, so no one is deprived of good oral health care and their vision is to continuously upgrade to deliver highest dental care in safe environment for life-long. With their mission and vision, they were able to accumulate many patients that keeps coming back to the clinic for their service.
</p>
=Business Case=
==Executive Summary==
==Issue==
<p>At the Apelo Dental Clinic currently, traditional techniques are employed to conduct business operations, including the utilization of index cards for patient data, and writing numbers on paper to schedule appointments. Patients arrive at the clinic as early as 4 in the morning to obtain a queue number, which will give them a better chance of being seen earlier. However, the clinic only commences its operations at 9 in the morning. Since patient information and payment records are both kept on index cards, some records of other patients cannot be found. In each of the processes implemented in Apelo Dental Clinic, patients and clinic staff encounter difficulties or challenges. </p>
=Cost Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Cost Management Plan for Apelo Dental Clinic System (ADENICSY) project is designed to ensure that all costs associated with the project are effectively managed throughout its lifecycle. The plan outlines the format and standards by which the project costs will be measured, reported, and controlled.

<br><br>Cost management responsibilities:

<ul>
  <li>The Project Manager will be responsible for overall cost management of the project and will be the primary point of contact for all cost-related issues.</li>
  <li>The Finance Team will be responsible for monitoring project costs and ensuring that they are within the approved budget.</li>
</ul>

Cost change approval:
<ul>
  <li>All cost changes must be approved by the Project Manager before they are implemented.</li>
  <li>If the cost change exceeds 10% of the total project budget, it must be approved by the Project Sponsor before it can be implemented.</li>
</ul>

Cost measurement and reporting:
<ul>
  <li>Costs will be measured and reported on a monthly basis, using a cost performance index (CPI) and a schedule performance index (SPI).</li>
  <li>Reports will be presented to the Project Sponsor on a monthly basis.</li>
</ul>

Budget format and standards:
<ul>
  <li>The budget will be presented in a clear and concise format, using a spreadsheet format such as Excel.</li>
  <li>The budget will be broken down into individual line items, with detailed cost estimates for each item.</li>
  <li>The budget will be updated on a monthly basis, with any changes clearly highlighted.</li>
</ul>