=Project Title=
<h1 style="text-align:center">Bregghan Point of Sale System</h1>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio L. Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Adviser==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Doc. Manuel L. Calimlim Jr.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">manuelc@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ramon Benedict V. Elloso</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">rbelloso@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Carlos C. Ligligen Jr.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">ccligligen@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Andrei Gabriel B. Palma</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">abpalma@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Done Paolo Y. Tarinay</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">dptarinay@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<br />

=Company Profile=
<h2>Brief Background:</h2>
<p>Ms. Devilyn C. Ligligen is the owner of a small-scale retail outlet situated on Mt. Makiling St., Post Proper Southside, Makati City. She caters to sari-sari stores and a diverse range of customers in the surrounding vicinity, providing goods for both wholesale and retail transactions.</p>

=Business Case=
==Executive Summary==
<p>Bregghan Mini Grocery Store is a family-owned business that supplies retail, wholesale, and bulk products to residents and sari-sari stores in the area. The store's current system for tracking sales and stocks is manual, using pen and paper, which has led to difficulty in monitoring inventory and potential loss of sales due to items being out of stock. To address these pain points, our team aims to develop a responsive webapp that digitizes the recording of stocks and sales, notifies the user when stocks are at a critical level, and automates the computation of sold items. The webapp will also produce a report that shows daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly records sold. </p>

<h3>Issue</h3>
<p>Manual inventory tracking: </p>
<p>The current system at Bregghan mini grocery store involves manual recording of stocks and sales on paper, which can be time-consuming and prone to errors. The lack of a proper inventory management system can result in out-of-stock items and missed sales opportunities.  </p>

<p>Inefficient sales tracking: </p>
<p>The current sales tracking process relies on hand-written receipts, which can lead to errors in the computation of sold items and total sales. This can result in inaccurate sales data and hinder the store's ability to make informed business decisions. </p>

<p>Lack of real-time monitoring: </p>
<p>Without a digital system, the staff at Bregghan mini grocery store are unable to monitor stocks and sales in real-time. This can result in missed opportunities to replenish stock levels and can make it difficult for the store to keep up with customer demand. </p>

<h3>Anticipated Outcomes</h3>
<p>Improved inventory management: </p>
<p>The implementation of a digitized sales and stock tracking system will allow Bregghan mini grocery store to have accurate and real-time data on their inventory. This will enable them to make informed decisions on when to replenish stock, which products to order, and how much stock to order, leading to a reduction in stock outs and overstocking. </p>

<p>Increased sales: </p>
<p>With the implementation of a Point-of-Sale (POS) system, the checkout process will be faster and more efficient. Customers will have a better experience and may be more likely to return. The system will also be able to generate reports on the top-selling products, which can help the store to make informed decisions on product placement and marketing strategies. </p>

<p>Reduced errors: </p>
<p>The automated computation of items sold will significantly reduce the occurrence of human errors, which can lead to miscounting of inventory and discrepancies in sales records. This will result in more accurate sales and inventory data. </p>

<p>Enhanced customer experience: </p>
<p>The system will provide a better copy of receipts, allowing customers to keep track of their purchases. This can help in building customer trust and loyalty. </p>

<p>Increased productivity: </p>
<p>The implementation of a digitized sales and stock tracking system will reduce the workload of the staff, as they will no longer have to manually record sales and inventory. This will free up their time, allowing them to focus on other tasks that can improve the store's operations. </p>

<h3>Recommendation</h3>
<p>To address the identified business problem of inefficient stock and sales monitoring at Bregghan mini grocery store, we recommend developing a responsive web application that digitizes the recording of stocks and sales, automates computation of sold items, and produces reports for daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly records. By implementing this solution, the staff and manager of Bregghan mini grocery store will be able to monitor stocks and sales in real-time, reducing workload and minimizing human error. This will lead to more efficient inventory management and faster checkouts, resulting in improved customer satisfaction and retention. The system will also provide alerts when stock levels reach a critical point, allowing the store to replenish inventory on time and avoid potential revenue loss due to out-of-stock items. Furthermore, the application's capability to produce detailed sales reports will provide useful insights to the business, allowing for data-driven decision-making to further optimize operations and profitability. Overall, we believe that the proposed solution will address the identified business problem and provide significant benefits to Bregghan mini grocery store, its staff, and its customers. </p>

<h3>Justification </h3>
<p>The implementation of the proposed project is justified by the following reasons: </p>

<p>Improved Efficiency: </p>
<p>The current manual system used by Bregghan mini grocery store for tracking sales and inventory is time-consuming and prone to errors. By implementing a digitized system, the staff and manager can track sales and inventory in real-time, reducing the workload, and improving overall efficiency. </p>

<p>Better Inventory Management: </p>
<p>The proposed project will allow for more accurate tracking of inventory levels and ensure that items are restocked on time, avoiding stock outs that can lead to lost sales. </p>

<p>Increased Sales: </p>
<p>With better inventory management and automated tracking of sales, the store can ensure that popular items are always in stock, leading to increased sales. </p>

<p>Improved Customer Experience: </p>
<p>The implementation of a POS-like system will enable the store to provide better customer service, including faster checkouts and more accurate receipts. </p>

==Business Case Analysis Team==
<p>Table 1 shows the team of professionals who will work on creating the plan and their roles on the plan: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESIGNATION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Devilyn C. Ligligen  </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Adviser: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Doc. Manuel L. Calimlim Jr. <br><em>Advisor </em></p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ramon Benedict V. Elloso </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Members: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Carlos C. Ligligen Jr.  <br><em>Scrum Master</em><br>Andrei Gabriel B. Palma<br><em>Product Developer</em><br>Done Paolo Y. Tarinay<br><em>Product Designer</em></p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Problem Definition==
<h3>Problem Statement</h3>
<p>Bregghan mini grocery store is currently facing several issues in their daily operations, which are mainly caused by their manual recording and tracking system. Specifically, the store experiences difficulty in monitoring their inventory, which can result in insufficient stocks or overstocking. Additionally, the manual computation of sold items often leads to errors, which affects the accuracy of their sales records. As a result, the store loses potential customers due to a lack of available items, leading to decreased profits. Furthermore, the current process of tracking sales and stocks is time consuming, which can lead to slower checkouts and longer queues. Overall, the business problem is the need for a more efficient and accurate system to monitor inventory and sales to improve the overall customer experience and increase revenue. </p>

<h3>Organizational Impact </h3>
<p>The implementation of the proposed project will have a significant impact on the organizational processes, tools, hardware, and software of Bregghan mini grocery store. It will require the adoption of new technology and the implementation of new processes to manage sales and inventory in a digitized and automated way. The system will replace the traditional pen-and-paper method of tracking sales and inventory, which will require staff to be trained in the use of the new technology. </p>

<p>New roles will be created to manage the system and ensure its proper functioning. The manager will have access to the system's reporting tools to generate daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly reports on sales and inventory. The system will also require the creation of a database of products that the store offers, and this will need to be updated and maintained regularly. </p>

<p>The proposed project will bring a positive impact to the organizational processes, increasing the efficiency and accuracy of sales and inventory tracking. The store staff will be able to manage the stock level in real-time, making restocking more efficient and reducing the risk of stockouts. The system will also provide better insight into product performance and inventory management, allowing for better decision-making and more informed business strategies. </p>

<h3>Technology Migration </h3>
<p>The plan for the Bregghan POS System involves the creation of a website and mobile application that will be powered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) for the database. AWS is a type of cloud service that allows businesses to rent computing resources like servers, storage, and databases. The developers chose AWS for the mini grocery store due to its scalability, allowing the store to scale up or down easily to meet changing demands in the future without worrying about managing their infrastructure. AWS is also highly reliable and can handle large volumes of traffic and data without slowing down. The data migration process will ensure that all necessary data is transferred to the new system, and the new system will undergo thorough testing to ensure reliability, efficiency, and security. </p>

==Project Overview==
<p>This section provides a broad overview of the Bregghan POS System, which encompasses a description, its goals and objectives, performance criteria, assumptions, constraints, and major milestones. </p>

<h3>Project Description</h3>
<p>The project will develop a sales and stock tracing system to address the business problem of Bregghan mini grocery store which is the lack of efficient monitoring of their stocks and sales. The purpose of the project is to develop a digital application that will provide the staff and manager of the store with an efficient way of monitoring their stocks and sales in real time, reducing the workload and potential for human errors. The project will consist of developing a POS-like system where users can monitor the items that go in and out of the store and can compute the total prices, and a system for generating and storing digital copies of receipts. The system will be developed using modern software development practices and technologies. The project will be executed in three terms, with clear milestones and deliverables to ensure that it stays on track and within scope. </p>

<h3>Goals and Objectives</h3>
<p>Goals: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Improve inventory management and tracking processes.</li>
  <li>Increase efficiency and accuracy of sales and transaction data recording.</li>
  <li>Provide real-time monitoring and reporting capabilities. </li>
  <li>Enhance customer experience by providing detailed and accurate receipts. </li>
</ul> 

<p>General Objectives: </p>
<ul>
  <li>To develop a responsive web application that tracks sales and stocks for Bregghan mini grocery store.</li>
  <li>Decreases the number of steps that the user can do in the whole transaction for faster checkouts.</li>
</ul> 

<p>The group plans to further address the general objective of the project to: </p>

<p>Inventory: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Digitize 100% the recording of stocks and sales.</li>
  <li>Notifies the user that the stocks are at a critical level.</li>
</ul> 

<p>Sales: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Computation of items that are sold are automated.</li>
</ul>

<p>Reports: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Produce a report that will show the records sold daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Project Performance</h3>
<p>The project team will assess the performance of the project by examining and analyzing the following forms, completed during testing by both the developers and the client:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Test Cases</li>
</ul>

<p>This document is where the development team tests each feature of the system and assigns a "PASS" or "FAIL" status to each feature. They also document all possible scenarios to thoroughly test each feature.</p>

<p>The project's performance will be measured through the following metrics:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Schedule adherence: comparing actual project completion dates to planned dates.</li>
  <li>Budget adherence: comparing actual project expenditures to planned budget.</li>
  <li>Quality assurance: monitoring adherence to project quality standards.</li>
  <li>Stakeholder satisfaction: conducting surveys or interviews to gauge satisfaction with project outcomes.</li>
  <li>Risk management: monitoring and addressing potential risks and issues throughout the project life cycle.</li>
  <li>Change management: tracking changes made to the project scope or plan and assessing their impact on project performance.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Project Assumptions</h3>
<p>Listed below are the main assumptions for the project: </p>
<ul>
  <li>All necessary funding and resources will be secured and available for the duration of the project.</li>
  <li>All stakeholders will be available and able to provide input as needed throughout the project lifecycle.</li>
  <li>There will be no major technological or market disruptions that would impact the project's success.</li>
  <li>The project team will have the necessary expertise and skill sets to complete the project successfully.</li>
  <li>All regulatory and legal requirements will be met and any necessary permits or approvals will be obtained.</li>
  <li>The project will be completed within the proposed timeline and budget.</li>
  <li>The project scope will remain consistent throughout the project lifecycle, and any changes will be managed through a formal change control process.</li>
  <li>The project team will be able to effectively communicate and collaborate throughout the project lifecycle.</li>
  <li>The project will not have a significant negative impact on the environment, community, or stakeholders.</li>
  <li>The project will result in the anticipated benefits and outcomes as described in the business case.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Project Constraints</h3>
<p>Listed below are the following constraints of the production of the project: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Budget constraints: The project cannot exceed a certain budget, which may limit the scope or timeline of the project.</li>
  <li>Time constraints: The project must be completed within the designated timestamp of the subject course Project Management (PROJMAN).</li>
  <li>Resource constraints: The project team may have limited staff, expertise, or technology available to complete the project.</li>
  <li>Regulatory constraints: The project must comply with specific laws, regulations, or standards that may limit the project's scope or approach.</li>
  <li>Technical constraints: The project may be limited by the available technology or infrastructure.</li>
  <li>Organizational constraints: The project may be limited by organizational policies, culture, or priorities.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Major Project Milestones</h3>

<p>Listed below are the milestones that HighTable has and should be able to accomplish: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Milestones</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Details</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 1 | MNTSDEV Deliverables <br>(Date 2021)  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The group has identified a client, project advisor, and client problem </li>
  <li>The group has accomplished the necessary research and problem statements to propose solution </li>
  <li>The group has successfully passed the first half of documentation of the proposed system. </li>
</ul>  
 </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 2 | MYSADD1 <br>(Date 2022)  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The team successfully created the Unified Modeling Language for specifying, constructing, and documenting the artifacts of systems.</li>
</ul>  
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 3 | MCSPROJ <br>(Date 2023) </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>	The team successfully created the Website Application for the Bregghan Point of Sale System 
</ul>  
</li>
  <li>The group finishes developing the front-end and backend of the web application. </li>
</ul>  
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 4 | PROJMAN <br>(June 2023) </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><ul>
  <li>Finish further documentation of the project </li>
</ul>  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 5 | SOFTDEV <br>(July 2023) </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><ul>
  <li>Complete the full testing from the stakeholders to receive feedback for further improvement </li>
 <li>Complete all necessary documentation for stakeholders </li>
</ul>  </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Strategic Alignment==
<ul>
  <li>Strategic Plan: Increase Efficiency and Effectiveness
The strategic plan calls for improving efficiency and effectiveness of organizational processes and systems to better serve customers and stakeholders. The proposed project will introduce a new software system that will streamline and automate key business processes, resulting in increased efficiency and effectiveness. </li>

  <li>Strategic Plan: Enhance Customer Experience
The strategic plan calls for enhancing the customer experience through improved products and services. The proposed project will enable the organization to better track and respond to customer needs, resulting in improved customer satisfaction. </li>

  <li>Strategic Plan: Achieve Financial Sustainability
The strategic plan calls for achieving financial sustainability through improved financial management and revenue generation. The proposed project will enable the organization to more accurately track and analyze financial data, resulting in improved financial management and potential revenue generation opportunities. </li>

</ul>

==Cost Benefit Analysis==
<p>Benefits:</p>
<p>A well-designed and properly implemented POS system can provide benefits such as improved inventory management, faster transaction processing, better customer tracking, and more accurate sales reporting. These benefits can lead to more efficient operations, better customer service, and potentially increased sales. The actual impact on sales will depend on various factors, including the specific features and capabilities of the POS system, the business processes and strategies, and the overall market conditions.</p>

<p>Costs:</p>
<p>The costs related to the Bregghan POS System project are outlined as follows:</p>
<ul>
  <li>The cost estimate for using a tablet for the cashier in the Bregghan POS System project is ₱ 15,000.00.</li>
  <li>The cost estimate for using a barcode scanner is ₱ 2,000.00.</li>
  <li>The cost estimate for using a printer is ₱ 1,000.00.</li>
  <li>The estimated cost for hosting the system at AWS is up to ₱ 1,595.00.</li>
  <li>The estimated cost for the client's internet service provider through Converge ICT Solutions is up to ₱ 2,500.00.</li>
  <li>All other costs associated with running Bregghan Store, including expenses for the project system, electricity, water, and other operational expenses, will add up to ₱ 22,095.00.</li>
</ul>


==Alternatives Analysis==
<ul>
  <li>Status Quo: The first alternative considered was to maintain the current process and not implement any changes.</li>
  <li>Manual Process Improvement: The second alternative considered was to improve the existing manual process by introducing new tools and technologies, such as automation software.</li>
  <li>Outsourcing: The third alternative considered was to outsource the process to a third-party
vendor. However, this option was rejected due to the lack of control over the process and potential security risks associated with sharing confidential company information with external parties.</li>
</ul>

==Approvals==
<p>The approval of the project should be obtained from the main stakeholder, Ms. Devilyn C. Ligligen, who is the owner of the business.</p>

=Project Charter=
==Executive Summary==
<p>Ever since the establishment of the Bregghan mini grocery store, it has been using a pen and paper to track the stocks and sales that are going in and out of the store. In addition, the store’s current Point of Sales System is a manual computation and the receipts are hand written. With the integration of the project, it will provide technology solutions which produces efficiency among workload in the said company.</p>

<h3>Project Purpose/Justification</h3>
<p>This section of the paper will explain the purpose of the project that will be implemented which is the Bregghan Sales and Stocks Tracer Responsice Web Application. Furthermore, the business case will also discuss on why the project is needed since it is with relation to how the small business operates.</p>

==Business Need/Case==
<p>The Bregghan Sales and Stocks Tracer Responsive Web Application is created to change the manual recording of pen and paper which is used by the company to track sales and stocks, into a digitized version that will be used by the owner and their employee. This integration of technology solution will aid the client in utilizing stocks, analytical reports, and faster recording of sales throughout a day. The Bregghan mini grocery store perceived that the use of pen and paper to records stocks and sales takes up the time and efficiency. The company also noticed that an integration of this technology solution will allow them to ease the workload when checking the stocks and manual recording of sales.</p>

==Business Objectives==
<p>The business objectives for the project are listed below:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Rid of the manual computation of sales and inventory management of the Bregghan mini grocery store and automate it by 100%.</li>
  <li>Create a web and mobile application within the given timeframe which is the second term of the School Year 2022 – 2023.</li>
  <li>Accomplish all documentations and the implementation of the project within the second term of the School Year 2022 – 2023.</li>
</ul>

==Project Description==
<p>This integration of technology solution will aid the client in utilizing stocks, analytical reports, and faster recording of sales throughout a day. The Bregghan mini grocery store perceived that the use of pen and paper to records stocks and sales takes up the time and efficiency and the company also noticed that an integration of this technology solution will allow them to ease the workload when checking the stocks and manual recording of sales. This will be accomplished by the implementing systems for the admin and its employee which is connected with each other, the admin monitoring the sales and stocks while the employee’s system or Point-of-Sale will handle outgoing stocks from the grocery.</p>

==Project Objectives and Success Criteria==
<p>To observe the success of the Bregghan Sales and Stocks Tracer Web Application, these are the objectives that should be met with within the designated time of the PBL project development:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Develop a solution that can digitize the computation of sales within the PBL project.</li>
  <li>Develop an admin system that can monitor the stocks and sales real time.</li>
  <li>Fully develop an Admin System.</li>
  <li>Fully develop a POS System.</li>
</ul>

==Requirements==
<p>This project must meet the following list of requirements in order to achieve success:</p>
<ul>
  <li>The client’s needs are met.</li>
  <li>The processes and features of the project is adequate.</li>
</ul>

==Constraints==
<p>The following constraints pertain to the Bregghan Sales and Stocks Tracer Web Application:</p>
<ul>
  <li>All security hardware and software must be compatible with our current IT platforms.</li>
  <li>All hardware and software must be purchased in accordance with the allocated budget and timeline.</li>
  <li>Two IT specialists and one security specialist will be provided as resources for this project.</li>
</ul>

==Assumptions==
<p>The following is the list of the assumptions. Upon agreement and accepting this document at the end, all parties acknowledge that these assumptions are true and correct:</p>
<ul>
  <li>This project has the full support of the client.</li>
  <li>The client will be informed of the project before deployment.</li>
</ul>

==Preliminary Scope Statement==
<p>A digitized system will be developed as part of the proposed solution for the Bregghan mini grocery store. All hardware and software resources will be managed by the team. The project will be independent as it goes in progress daily and all the testing will be done by the team as well as the client as she can recommend some changes the way the clients want the project. The project manager will oversee all the deliverables if it reaches accordingly as planned. The project will be finished when the final report is sent 30 days after the project is tested and deployed. </p>

==Risks==
<p>The following risks for the PBL project is identified. The developers should implement avoidance strategies appropriate to minimize the likelihood of these risks:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Backlogs from the team due to workload from other academic subjects.</li>
  <li>Backlogs due to equipment break down.</li>
</ul>

==Project Deliverables==
<p>The following deliverables must be met upon the successful completion of the ISA project. Any changes to these deliverables must be approved by the project sponsor:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Fully deployed intranet security solution.</li>
  <li>Technical documentation for intranet security solution.</li>
  <li>Recommendation list for future security considerations.</li>
</ul>


==Summary Milestone Schedule==

==Project Approval Requirements==
<p>Success of the Bregghan Sales and Stock Tracer Responsive Web Application will be achieved when the admin system and POS system is fully tested with the time and cost as being mentioned in this charter. We fully anticipate the need of this proposed solution in order to ease the workload of the client and as well as the employees of the client. The project sponsor, Ms. Devilyn Ligligen, will also approve the project by the project’s success.</p>

==Project Manager==
<p>Benedict Elloso is named as the Project Manager for the duration of the project. Mr. Elloso’s responsibility is to manage all project tasks including the scheduling and communication through the client regarding this project. His team, consists of two programmers and two documenters will work on the project. Mr. Elloso is the one who will be coordinating with the client. </p>

=Stakeholder Management Strategy=
==Introduction==
<p>Bregghan mini grocery store is a family-owned business which is being managed by Ms. Devilyn Ligligen. It is located at Mt. Makiling Street. Makati City. On a regular basis, the grocery store is managed by 2 staff personnel, and both are selling the products to customers. The grocery store supplies retail/wholesale/bulk to residents and “sari-sari” stores in the area. The store only accommodates 1-5 persons walk-in. In addition, the store offers different varieties of products ranging from Dairy, Beverages, Liquor, Frozen foods, Canned goods, etc.</p>

<p>The objectives of the project is to develop a responsive web application that tracks sales and stocks for the client and decreases the number of steps that the user can do in the whole transaction for faster checkouts.</p>

==Identify Stakeholders==
<p>The methodology that the team developers will use is the  agile methodology, because the stakeholders are important to this project and they are the one’s who will  benefit in  this project.  The  said  methodology is  used  so  the  stakeholders will  have  a  remark along  the progress of the project. </p>

==Key Stakeholder==
<p>The key stakeholder of the project would be Ms. Devilyn Ligligen. She is the owner of the Bregghan mini grocery store and she will be the one using the project along with her personnel(cashier). All the necessary features that are requested by the client should be included hence, she will have a weekly check-up on the team to monitor the progress and to ensure that her requirements are met.</p>

==Stakeholder Analysis==
<p>The stakeholder that the project has is Ms. Devilyn Ligligen. She is the client of the team and is categorized as the priority during the development of the project. Her needs/requirements should be adhered by the team and all of her requests must be taken into consideration. Furthermore, the client should always be present during meetings for her to monitor the progress of the team and to make sure that all her requirements are met. The technique that the team would incorporate is the SWOT analysis. This will help the team identify the things that the client lacks and it helps them understand the potential impact that the stakeholder could have on the project.</p>

==Strengths==
<ul>
  <li>Customers around the area are purchasing to Bregghan to resupply their sari sari stores.</li>
  <li>Bregghan offers three kinds of sales for their customers. Wholesale, Bulk, and Retail.</li>
  <li>Items are being priced competitively.</li>
</ul>

==Weakness==
<ul>
  <li>Bregghan only use pen and paper as a system to manage their stocks/supplies.</li>
  <li>Customers' purchases are manually calculated using a calculator, which might lead to human error.</li>
  <li>Receipts are handwritten.</li>
  <li>Stocks are only replenished when the staff notices that there are no items stored.</li>
  <li>The store’s basis to record the items that was sold is only in the form of a receipt.</li>
  <li>Human errors might occur with their current POS system since all items that are bought from the store are written in a booklet of receipt.</li>
  <li>Miscalculation of the stocks when checking every night.</li>
</ul>

==Opportunities==
<ul>
  <li>Client buys supplies from corporations/ big companies.</li>
  <li>Bregghan store is a growing grocery around the vicinity with no competitors.</li>
  <li>The store is located on a high populated residential area which is accessible within a few individuals.</li>
</ul>

==Threats==
<ul>
  <li>Sundry types of stores are growing and visible in the area.</li>
  <li>An external hazard like the pandemic may affect the store sales due to the closing of sari sari stores in the area.</li>
  <li>Rehabilitation of streets are frequent in the area which may result to a narrower street which is hard for the suppliers of the store to reach it.</li>
</ul>

=Scope Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The bregghan minigrocery store now keeps track of the inventories and sales that come in and leave out of the store each day with a pen and paper. Additionally, the store's current point-of-sale system relies on manual computation and handwritten receipts. Additionally, the fast-and slow-moving items in the mini-grocery store are not being properly tracked, and the stocks are only replenished when they notice that an item is already out of stock. </p>

<p>Before implementing the project objectives the team gathered as much requirements from the client to know more about the situation of bregghan mini grocery store and to establish a solid foundation for the project objective as well as the deliverables that will be met within every sprint. Moreover the store only uses receipt records to keep track of its sales and inventory, which is tedious for the staff because they must maintain the receipts in order to know what stock is still available and because they only rely on the data contained in those receipts. The group wants to enhance their present system by integrating a stock and sales responsive webapp, which can enhance the store's inventory management and point of sale.Therefore by the end of the project or the deployment the bregghan point of sales system should demonstrate the digitizing of the mini grocery stores sales operations easing the use and calculation of all products that are bought by the customer. The deliverables for the project consists of progress reports mainly documentations that updates real time and the final product itself. </p>

==Scope Management Approach==
<p>The scope approach of the project team ensures that every deliverable will be given in allotted time to the Product Owner or Client. The client's criteria, which include a system that allows users to efficiently obtain copies of the goods that are sold, a sales and stock tracer, and other requirements, are the only ones that can be included in the project's management scope. </p>

<p>As for who has the authority and responsibility the product owner is held accountable for the outcomes as for the scope measure to when we can call it verified for deployment the project will reach completion stage once all inquiry of the client is met and all commands that are developed by the project team are implemented from back to front end. The project deliverables are verified or approved by the client and the scrum master as well as the project adviser before final changes. </p>

==Roles and Responsibilities==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Roles</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Responsibilities</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Devilyn C. Ligligen</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Client</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Review deliverables that are provided by the team within specified dates. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ramon Benedict Elloso</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Leads the team in Developing and improving the procedures used to meet milestones objectives and deliver outputs to the client.. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Carlos Ligligen</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scrum Master</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Create and clearly communicate the product goal with the client to optimize project progress.. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Andrei Gabriel Palma</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Developer</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible for planning and developing various deliverables for the whole sprint or progress of the project. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Done Paolo Tarinay</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Designer</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible for planning and developing various deliverables for the whole sprint or progress of the project. </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Scope Definition==
<p> The project’s scope is limited to the requirements which are provided by the client which is the sales and stock tracer and a system wherein the user can have a copy of the items that are sold in an efficient way, and both need to be in an application. The project focuses on addressing the pain points of the Bregghan mini grocery store which is the lack of monitoring in sales, stocks, and they are limited to pen and paper only. In addition, the store only uses the receipts as a basis to track the stocks and the items that are sold.</p>

<p>The project Group followed project management steps from planning to executing in order for project deliverables to meet the date need the team also made use of meetings may it be held online  or  physical  to  conduct  instructions  and  more  clear  points  to  be  taken  from  the  project adviser to consider during the sprint of the project and finalize the scope that the project should aim. As for the documentation of the project the team updates the changes that was made during the meetings with the adviser or the client to ensure that progress is tracked within each period before the said product is completed. As for the analysis of the product the use of the POS system was widely used as center for the project as the main goal being to digitize and benefit the client with an application that would help keep track of operations inside the Bregghan mini grocery store. </p>

==Project Scope Statement==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Scope Description </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Bregghan Point of Sale System should accomplish a functional webapp that can track the Bregghan mini grocery store sales, transactions, Inventory and notifies the client or users whenever a product reaches a critical point in stocks. </p></td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Acceptance Criteria </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>Webapp should display sales reports (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Yearly)</li>
  <li>Scans products and computes total amount.</li>
  <li>Notify User for specific products that are low on stocks.</li>
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Deliverables </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>Final Product</li>
  <li>Work Breakdown Structure.</li>
  <li>Project Documentation.</li>
  <li>Progress Report.</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Exclusions</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>Accessible to Mobile devices.</li>
  <li>Can be used outside of the mini grocery store premises.</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Constraints</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>Manual computation of sales.</li>
  <li>No registration in B.I.R to use VAT sales..</li>

</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Assumptions</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>Front and Back End of the program are managed by the developers.</li>
  <li>Funding available when required.</li>
  <li>Project Documentations Update in real time.</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Work Breakdown Structure==
<p>The Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) is a hierarchical representation of the project scope that divides the project into smaller, more manageable components. Each level in the WBS represents a progressively more detailed view of the project, starting with the highest level and moving down to the lowest level. </p>

<ul>1. Chubby Gourmet Web Application 
<ul>
<ul>1.1 Planning 
<ul>
<ul>1.1.1 Project Preparation
<ul>
<ul>1.1.1.1 Creation of project group</ul>
<ul>1.1.1.2 Choose project/client</ul>
<ul>1.1.1.3 Choose adviser/consultant</ul>
<ul>1.1.1.4 Design Thinking 1</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.2 Team Meetings
<ul>
<ul>1.1.2.1 Client meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.2 Adviser meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.3 Client meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.4 Adviser meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.5 Adviser meeting 3</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.6 Client meeting 3</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.7 Adviser meeting 4</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.8 Adviser meeting 5</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.9 Adviser meeting 6</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.3 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.3 Chap 3 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.4 Chap 4 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.5 Chap 5 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.2 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.3 Midterm Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.4 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.5 Revised Midterm paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.4 Prototype
<ul>
<ul>1.1.4.1 Initial Low-Fidelity Prototype</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.5 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.3 Chap 3 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.4 Chap 4 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.5 Chap 5 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.2 Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.3 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.4 Final Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.5 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.6 Revised Final paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.2 Analysis and Design
<ul>

<ul>1.2.1 Initial Deliverables 
<ul>
<ul>1.2.1.1 Submission of MNTSDEV Documents</ul>
<ul>1.2.1.2 Creation of Github Repository</ul>
<ul>1.2.1.3 Choose Adviser/Consultant</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.2 Team Meetings
<ul>
<ul>1.2.2.1 Client meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.2 Adviser meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.3 Client meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.4 Adviser meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.5 Panelists meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.6 Adviser meeting 3</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.7 Adviser meeting 4</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.3 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1 Diagrams
<ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.1 MVC</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.2 Event Table</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.3 Use Case Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.4 Use Case Full Description</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.5 DFD</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.6 CFD</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.7 ERD</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.8 Activity Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.9 Object Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.10 Class Diagram</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.3.2 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.3.3 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.4 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.5 Midterm Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.6 Midterm Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.7 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.8 Revised Midterm paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1 Diagrams
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.1 Sequence Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.2 State Machine Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.3 Package Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.4 Component Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.5 Deployment Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.6 Data Dictionary</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4.2 Prototype
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.2.1 Updated Low-Fidelity Prototype</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4.3 Project paper
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4.4 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.5 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.6 Final Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.7 Final Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.8 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.9 Revised Final paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3 Development
<ul>
<ul>1.3.1 Initial Deliverables 
<ul>
<ul>1.3.1.1 Submission of MSSYADD1 Documents</ul>
<ul>1.3.1.2 Choose Adviser/Consultant</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3.2 Team Meetings
<ul>
<ul>1.3.2.1 Client meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.3.2.2 Client meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.3.2.3 Adviser meeting 1</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3.3 Releases
<ul>
<ul>1.3.3.1 Release 1</ul>
<ul>1.3.3.2 Release 2</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3.4 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.2 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.3 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.4 Midterm Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.5 Midterm Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.6 Improvement matrix</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.7 Revised Midterm paper</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8 MCSPROJ Deliverables</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.1 Vision and Scope Documentations</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.2 Gantt Chart</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.3 WBS</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.4 Activity List</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.5 Project Charter</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.6 Statement of Work</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.3.5 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.2 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.3 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.4 Final Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.5 Final Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.6 Improvement matrix</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.7 Revised Final paper</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8 MCSPROJ Deliverables</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.1 Quality Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.2 Change Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.3 Contingency Plan</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.4 User Project Review</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.5 SRS</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.6 Test Case</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.7 Project Sway</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.8 Proofread Request</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.4 Documentation
<ul>
<ul>1.4.1 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.4.1.1 Business Case</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.2 Project Charter</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.3 Stakeholders Management Strategy Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.4 Scope Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.5 Cost Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.6 Time Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.7 WBS</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.8 Work Packages</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.4.2 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.4.2.1 Human Resource Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.2 Quality Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.3 Risk Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.4 Communications Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.5 Procurement Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.6 Project Status Reports Distribution Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.7 Change Request Documentation</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.8 Project Execution Monitoring Report</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.9 Implementation Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.10 Change Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.11 Project Status Reports</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.12 Transition-Out Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.13 Project Turn Over Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.14 Post Project Review Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.15 Consolidated Project Plan</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.5 Development II
<ul>
<ul>1.5.1 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.5.1.1 Week 1: Planning</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.2 Week 2: Analysis and User Requirements</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.3 Week 3: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.4 Week 4: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.5 Week 5: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.6 Week 6: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.7 Week 7: System Design - Back-end</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.5.2 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.5.2.1 Week 8: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.2 Week 9: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.3 Week 10: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.4 Week 11: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.5 Week 12: Testing</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.6 Week 13: Testing</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.7 Week 14: Go Live</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

=Cost Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Cost Management Plan is developed to ensure effective management of project costs throughout the project's lifecycle. It outlines the procedures and guidelines for measuring, reporting, and controlling costs associated with the Bregghan Mini Grocery Store project. The purpose of this plan is to identify the cost management approach, roles and responsibilities, and procedures for managing costs in a consistent and effective manner.</p>

==Cost Management Approach==
<p>The cost management approach for the Bregghan Mini Grocery Store project will be to ensure that all costs are identified and monitored throughout the project lifecycle. This will be done by tracking all costs associated with the project and comparing them against the project budget. Any deviations from the budget will be analyzed, and corrective action will be taken to keep costs within the approved budget.</p>

<p>ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:</p>

<p>The following individuals will be responsible for managing costs on the Bregghan Mini Grocery Store project:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Project Manager - Responsible for overseeing the project budget and ensuring that costs are managed in accordance with the approved budget.</li>
  <li>Accounting Department - Responsible for recording all project costs and ensuring that they are allocated correctly.</li>
  <li>Project Team - Responsible for providing accurate and timely cost data</li>
</ul>

==Measuring Project Costs==
<p>In this section, the method for measuring the project's costs is outlined. The PMBOK places emphasis on the use of Earned Value Management as a tool for measuring and managing project costs. Given the comprehensive nature of Earned Value Management, it is suggested that project managers undergo formal training in this area.</p>

<p>The project team intends to assess the project's schedule performance by computing the Schedule Variance (SV) through subtracting the Planned Value (PV) from the Earned Value (EV). The Earned Value refers to the actual value obtained in the project, while the PV pertains to the value anticipated in the project plan for the current point. By taking into account the deviation between the planned and actual value, the project team can determine if the project is on schedule, ahead of schedule, or behind schedule, according to the baseline schedule in the project plan.</p>

<p>The team will determine the budget performance of the project by calculating the Cost Variance (CV), which is obtained by subtracting Actual Costs (AC) from Earned Value (EV). EV represents the actual value earned in the project, while AC reflects the actual costs incurred to date. Therefore, by subtracting the actual costs from the EV, the team can determine whether the budget are above or below budget. If the CV is zero, it means the project is on budget. A CV greater than zero indicates that you are earning more value than planned, and the project is under budget.</p>

<p>Thea team will use Schedule Performance Index (SPI) to evaluate the actual progress made against the planned progress. It is calculated by dividing EV by PV. If the value of EV is equal to PV, then the SPI is 1. If EV is lower than PV, then the SPI is less than 1, which indicates that the project is running behind schedule. If EV is greater than PV, then the SPI is greater than 1, which indicates that the project is ahead of schedule. An efficient project should have an SPI that is as close to 1 as possible, or perhaps even slightly below 1.</p>

<p>The team will use Cost Performance Index (CPI) to compare the value of the work completed to the actual cost of that work. The formula for CPI is EV/AC, where EV represents the actual value earned in the project and AC represents the actual costs incurred to date. If the CPI equals 1, the project is on budget. If the CPI is greater than 1, the project is under budget, and if the CPI is less than 1, the project is over budget.</p>

==Reporting Format==

<p>Reporting for cost management will be included in the monthly project status report.  The Monthly Project Status Report will include a section labeled, “Cost Management”.  This section will contain the Earned Value Metrics identified in the previous section.  All cost variances outside of the thresholds identified in this Cost Management Plan will be reported on including any corrective actions which are planned.  Change Requests which are triggered based upon project cost overruns will be identified and tracked in this report. </p>

==Cost Variance Response Process==
<p>The Control Thresholds for this project is a CPI or SPI of less than 0.8 or greater than 1.2.  If the project reaches one of these Control Thresholds a Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan is required.  The Project Manager will present the Project Sponsor with options for corrective actions within five business days from when the cost variance is first reported.  Within three business days from when the Project Sponsor selects a corrective action option, the Project Manager will present the Project Sponsor with a formal Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan.  The Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan will detail the actions necessary to bring the project back within budget and the means by which the effectiveness of the actions in the plan will be measured.  Upon acceptance of the Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan it will become a part of the project plan and the project will be updated to reflect the corrective actions.</p>

==Cost Change Control Process==
<p>The cost change control process will follow the established project change request process.  Approvals for project budget/cost changes must be approved by the project sponsor.</p>

==Project Budget==
<p>The budget for this project is detailed below.  Costs for this project are presented in various categories:</p>

