='''Project Title''' =
<h1 style="text-align:center">Project Management Plan for SurveiRams</h1>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio L. Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Adviser==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jo Anne M. de la Cuesta</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">joannec@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jan Karlo Boongaling</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jmboongaling@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Alexis Martin</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">atmartin@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Yuan Alexandrei Serafico</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">yaserafico@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Vladimir Ken Perez</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">viperez@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ian Christopher Onrubia</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">iconrubia@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<br />

=Company Profile=
<p><strong>Brief Background:</strong></p>
<p></p>

=Business Case=
<h2>Executive Summary</h2>

<p>This business case outlines how the Rams Violation Management System (RVMS) will address current business concerns, the benefits of the project, and recommendations and justification of the project. The business case also discusses detailed project goals, performance measures, assumptions, constraints, and alternative options. RVMS is the culmination of all the possible solutions the researchers acquired through carefully analyzing the stakeholder’s pain points. The system consists of three functions that will work together to serve and make the stakeholder’s processes more efficient and digitalized. The suggested project will be more than just a system but rather a long-term solution that the stakeholder and his successors may utilize and swiftly improve over time.</p>

<h2>Issue</h2>

<p>Paperwork and other materials generated by the Discipline Office (DO) tend to pile up. Physical storage requirements for written documents soon outgrow the office’s ability to archive data, resulting in an inefficient use of their storage capacity as well as adding cost to resources. With time, paper-based documentation will be in concern with how they accumulate with time as transporting document can be tedious, time-consuming, and wasteful. The current student violation reporting and encoding of blue slips, lacks a specialized digital system that automates and documents all the information necessary for the office to fulfill its commitments immediately. With this the existing office would have a hard time with performance issues since the Disciplinary Officer is only the one at work and serves liaison between other offices and divisions in other departments. The existing state of the office could then see negative impact on the Disciplinary Officer's productivity and loss of valuable time, with these current issues at hand it requires more time, effort, and resources to be as productive as other department in the offices within the institution.</p>

<h2>Recommendation</h2>

<p>The creative options and alternatives were considered to identify the most applicable method of using technology to improve the Disciplinary Office (DO) of Asia Pacific College (APC) business processes of documentation, storing, and updating each student records real time. In addition, this will serve as the approach in which allows this project to meet with the objectives of Data Quality and Timeliness, Productive and Efficient, and Employee Development. 

The recommended project will have to be transform from manual data and processes of the DO to a digitalized specialized Rams Violation Management System (RVMS) that documents all the information required by the office to carry out its tasks promptly, mainly focusing on the reporting process. Some of the following aims to achieve the projects overall results:
•	Users will be able to Create-Read-Update-Delete (CRUD) forms and necessary information at any time from any location instead of manually retrieving and gathering repetitive data for the office’s processes. 
•	The system will be running on a real-time basis which allows users to immediately gain accessible and convenient record management.
•	Users will have the ability to be able to increase their level of dependability in which contributes to the organization’s overall efficiency

</p>

<h2>Justification</h2>

<p>The adaptation of Rams Violation Management System (RVMS) from the traditional mainframe system shifting to a system that comprises of three elements that will collaborate to serve and improve the efficiency and digitization of stakeholder processes. Additionally, the RVMS is consistent with the organization's strategy and objectives as it promotes the use of technology to enhance how they conduct business. While other options and the status quo were considered, the RVMS was chosen for proposal in this business case because it enables the quickest realization of benefits while also providing for the greatest efficiency and cost reduction. </p>

<h2>Business Case Analysis Team</h2>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Role</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Responsibility</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><em>Project Client</em></p></td>
		<td width="517">
<p>·         <em>Approves Scope Management Plan. </em></p>
<p>·         <em>Provides high-level scope definition (Project Charter).</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Reviews escalated scope issues and provide direction for resolution.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Approves major scope change requests.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Overall decision-making responsibility for Scope Management activities.</em></p>
</td>

	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
		<td width="517">
<p>·         <em>Overall responsibility for scope management. </em></p>
<p>·         <em>Oversees the development of the Scope Management Plan.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Oversees the scope change management process.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Approves scope change requests within his/her authority.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Escalates scope and change issues.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Ensures that scope changes are incorporated into appropriate project documents</em></p>
</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team Members and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs)</p></td>
		<td width="517">
<p>·         <em>Help develop the project scope statement.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Submit scope change requests.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Review Scope Change requests when assigned.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Provide feedback as and when required.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Participate in team-level scope change reviews.</em></p>
</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Independent Verification and Validation (IV&amp;V)</p>
<p style="text-align:center;">Project Adviser</p></td>
<td width="517">
<p>·         <em>Provides an ongoing independent review and analysis of project scope management practices.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Monitors scope changes and provide feedback.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Approves major scope change requests.</em></p>
<p>·         <em>Approval of all documentation throughout the project.</em></p>
</td>
	</tr>
</table>
<br />

<h2>Problem Statement</h2>

<p>The proponents discovered the Discipline Office’s (DO) pain points by utilizing the Problem Pyramid tool. Due to the tedious processes and excessively manual methods used in the Discipline Office, productivity and efficiency are compromised. On the other hand, out-of-date student records add to the office's challenges by delaying a prospective appointment with the individual in question. According to the disciplinary officer's insights, he performs 100% of the duty alone, resulting in the specific job consuming so much of his time and decreasing office efficiency. These constraints and difficulties might have an adverse effect on the officer in charge and the quality and quantity of work accomplished. Thus, the proponents acknowledge that implementing a student management system focusing on the DO's reporting system is critical to developing a more digitalized, efficient, and sustainable method of keeping up with the DO's daily operations.</p>

<h2>Organizational Impact</h2>

<p>The Rams Violation Management System (RVMS) will impact Asia Pacific College in several ways.  The following provides a high-level explanation of how the organization, tools, processes, and roles and responsibilities will be affected because of the RVMS implementation:

•	Tools: the existing tools for reporting violations and narrative reports will be phased out during the RVMS implementation. This will require training on how to use the RVMS tools, or at the very least orientation on how to use RVMS to report violations and narrative reports, and an explanation of how RVMS complements existing organizational tools.
•	Processes: rather than requiring a lengthy and time-consuming communication process, the core design enables those teams to collaborate when necessary. This facilitates the efficient communication of messages, the more precise completion of specific tasks, and the advancement of the vision, mission, or goals established. The truly innovative part of the project lies in the integration of automated insights and analytics that will assist the Disciplinary Officer in determining what key parameters should always be kept in check such the following:
o	Violation Count of all students
o	Minor Offense Count
o	Major Offense Count
o	Most committed violations
The parameters listed above will be automatically shown to the Disciplinary Officer making it easier for him to monitor students who need to be carefully observed. This project will greatly improve the way the disciplinary office will operate and will greatly improve its processes.
•	Roles and Responsibilities: aside from reducing time-consuming and tedious processes and increasing office efficiency, the RVMS can also provide high-cost returns by freeing employees to perform more valuable tasks. This ensures that the organization's human resources are used efficiently, increasing overall productivity.
•	Hardware/Software: along with the software and licensing required for the project, the organization will need to purchase additional servers to support the platform and its anticipated growth over the succeeding years.
</p>

<h2>Technology Migration</h2>
<p>To effectively create RVMS, a phased approach has been developed which will result in minimal/no disruption to day-to-day operations, administration, and payroll activities.  The following is a high-level overview of the phased approach for the development which is under the Design phase in the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS):

Phase I: A prototype of the RVMS website will be created to easily visualize what the system will look like.
Phase II: A working web application will be developed with basic functionalities wherein all new features for RVMS will be added.
Phase III: A termly student record update will be implemented in the system which will enable the disciplinary officer to have an accurate record that they can utilize to accomplish their objectives faster and more efficiently.
Phase IV:  A digital narrative report centralized system will be added in the system which will enable the Disciplinary Officer to investigate the document quickly and store the details of each case within a database, which will improve his efficiency and help the disciplinary officer deal with any accreditation purposes.
Phase V: A new digital blue slip will be implemented for violators to speed up the process of exchanging slips from the guards to the disciplinary officer.
</p>

<h2>Project Overview</h2>
<p></p>

<h2>Goals and Objectives</h2>

<p></p>

<h2>Risks</h2>
<table width="795" border="1" width="70%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="48" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Rank</p>
</td>
<td width="102" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Risk</p>
</td>
<td width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Description</p>
</td>
<td width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Category</p>
</td>
<td width="72" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Root Cause</p>
</td>
<td width="90" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Triggers</p>
</td>
<td width="90" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Potential Responses</p>
</td>
<td width="72" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Risk Owner</p>
</td>
<td width="70" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Probability</p>
</td>
<td width="58" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p>Impact</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="48">
<p>1</p>
</td>
<td width="102">
<p>Security</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Security in transactions and data processes</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Technology</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Always engage in security event problems</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Unauthorized personnel entry</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Hire a security analyst</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Developer</p>
</td>
<td width="70">
<p>High</p>
</td>
<td width="58">
<p>High</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="48">
<p>2</p>
</td>
<td width="102">
<p>Time Management</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Being able to assess all the requirement in the given project on time.</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Project Management</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Staff is actively engaged in other work</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Backlogs didn't finish on time</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Backup plan</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Project Manager</p>
</td>
<td width="70">
<p>Medium</p>
</td>
<td width="58">
<p>Medium</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="48">
<p>3</p>
</td>
<td width="102">
<p>Consistency</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>The project plan should be consistent and firm from start to finish</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Project Management</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Not utilizing meetings</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Using waterfall methodology</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Use agile methodology</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Business Analysis</p>
</td>
<td width="70">
<p>Low</p>
</td>
<td width="58">
<p>High</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="48">
<p>4</p>
</td>
<td width="102">
<p>Communication</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Involves communication between the development team and the product owner</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Project Management</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Both parties are actively engaged in other work</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>One of the parties didn't attend</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Create additional backlog</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Scrum Master</p>
</td>
<td width="70">
<p>High</p>
</td>
<td width="58">
<p>Medium</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="48">
<p>5</p>
</td>
<td width="102">
<p>Analysis</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Overall analysis of the purpose of the project</p>
</td>
<td width="96">
<p>Project Management</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>Misinterpretation</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Create a backlog that isn't in the original plan</p>
</td>
<td width="90">
<p>Schedule a Sprint</p>
</td>
<td width="72">
<p>System Analysis</p>
</td>
<td width="70">
<p>High</p>
</td>
<td width="58">
<p>High</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

<h2>Major Project Milestones</h2>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="394" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p><strong>Milestone</strong></p>
</td>
<td width="190" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p><strong>Timeline</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Project Charter</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>1<sup>st </sup>month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Project Approval</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>2<sup>nd </sup>month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Developing the Website</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>3<sup>rd </sup>to 8<sup>th</sup> month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Complete Test Plan</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>9<sup>th</sup> month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Finalizing the Document</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>10<sup>th</sup> month</p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

<h2>Strategic Alignment</h2>

<p>lorem</p>

<h2>Cost Benefit Analysis</h2>

<p>lore</p>

=Project Charter=

<h2>Executive Summary</h2>
<p>Asia Pacific College (APC) has been using a manual process for recording incident reports and other activities using a logbook. This proved to be time-consuming as well as tedious due to its repetitiveness. SurveiRams is a mobile application that would address these concerns. It will automate the manual documentation process, as well as provide insights based on the data collected.</p>
<h2>Project Purpose/Justification</h2>
<h2>Business Need/Case</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Business Objectives</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Project Description</h2>

<h2>Project Objectives and Success Criteria</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Requirements</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>

<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Assumptions</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Preliminary Scope Statement</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Risks</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Project Deliverables</h2>
<ul>
	<li>
		A fully functioning website complete with all the features will be helpfulto the MC Manabat&rsquo;s business.
	</li>
	<li>
		A Cloud host server financially supported by the project sponsor for additional security options and good support maintenance of the host server.
	</li>
	<li>
		The project required documents and manuals as well as the analysis and how the project came to be.
	</li>
</ul>
<h2>Summary Milestone Schedule</h2>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
<tr>
<td width="394" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p><strong>Milestone</strong></p>
</td>
<td width="190" bgcolor="lightblue">
<p><strong>Timeline</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Project Charter</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>1<sup>st </sup>month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Project Approval</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>2<sup>nd </sup>month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Developing the Website</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>3<sup>rd </sup>to 8<sup>th</sup> month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Complete Test Plan</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>9<sup>th</sup> month</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="394">
<p>Finalizing the Document</p>
</td>
<td width="190">
<p>10<sup>th</sup> month</p>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

<h2>Summary Budget</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Project Approval Requirements</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>
<h2>Project Manager</h2>
<p>
	lorem
</p>


=Stakeholder Strategy Management Plan=

<h2>Purpose</h2>
<p>            lorem</p>
<p>lorem</p>
<p>           lorem</p>
<p><strong>Stakeholders Identification</strong> – identify the departments, groups, group and organizations by their roles and responsibilities that have significant influence on project direction and its success or who are significantly impacted by the project.</p>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Management Plan</strong> – identify the strategies and mechanisms that will be used to achieve the greatest support of stakeholders and minimize resistance.</p>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Engagement Management</strong> – outlines the processes and steps that will be undertaken to carry out the planned strategies.</p>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Engagement Controls </strong>– describes the methods that will be used to monitor stakeholder engagement and alert the project team if problems are surfacing.</p>
<p><strong> </strong></p>

<h2>Stakeholders Identification</h2>
<p>            The project management team schedule the meeting with the client then questioned about their stakeholders in the company and the client did not want to reveal their personal information however the client and the team agreed upon on what roles and responsibilities of the departments in the project.</p>
<p>            One of the discuss departments in the meeting is Marketing &amp; Sales their roles in the company is to advertise their supply chain to other businesses in need of equipment or software that they can used in the business. The Marketing &amp; Sales is also responsible of analyse on what and how many items should the company purchase to the distributor. The Marketing &amp; Sales could affect greatly to the profit of the company since knowing that their supply is enough will greatly reduce their inventory cost in the company. The Marketing &amp; Sales involvement in the project is highly monitored since the team is developing an E-Commerce Website that include what items should they inputted in the website and Marketing &amp; Sales Analytics that would accurately analyse the trend in the Market. They influence the project from modules that would support their roles that would be the advertisement and marketing sales analytics module after those modules are implemented, monitored, and reviewed their influence in the project would gradually decline throughout the project.</p>
<p>            Accounting &amp; Finance perform in the company as the department that hold the transaction that has been formed in the company. They also monitor the budgeting and the flow of the profits of the company. The Accounting &amp; Finance is focused on the assets of the company, calculate their profits, deciding out of it, Marketing &amp; Sales heavily relies on this department since profits can greatly influence decisions of the sales decision. The Accounting &amp; Finance will impact on the project since one of the project modules is to automate the transactions that will the company made in the Website. To greatly increase their work accuracy and efficiency the website would automate the transactions of the company, this means that Accounting &amp; Finance will now rely on the System for the computing and transacting for the business communicating with this department on this module will greatly increase the succession of that project module.</p>
<p>            The Inventory &amp; Logistics will heavily rely on the Marketing &amp; Sales by cause of they need the item readily available in their inventory being the inventory department doesn’t really mean that they’re the one purchasing the products from the distributor that’s the duty of the Marketing &amp; Sales collaborating with Accounting &amp; Finance. Their interest in the project is the item availability and stock, they are the one handling the delivery to the client after the transaction that has been completed. Accounting &amp; Finance influence the project on how the system would notify them if the delivery has arrived, the delivery has no defects, the delivery has all the requirements assess then they also cover the delivery address of the client, and how they can deliver it to the client. In that said they’re the final phase of the transaction.</p>
<p>Although, the last stakeholders play the role as external to the company but they also a key function of the company business. The Distributors of Information Technology Innovative Products as the name suggested they’re the distributors of the company. They don’t hold any interest other than purchasing their products but in the company of our client suggested to be also automated by purchasing then orders to them directly by the system however the order would name to the company not the name of the customer who requested the order. This external rely on the Accounting &amp; Finance since the only impact of this department is transaction to them of the order requested by the company’s customer.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>To assist with stakeholder identification and analysis, the team has created and is completing a Stakeholder Analysis Register categorized by Stakeholder Group. The Stakeholder Analysis Register captures the following information</p>
<ul>
	<li>Group name</li>
	<li>Number of Stakeholders in the Group</li>
	<li>Description of the Group</li>
	<li>Level of Impact on the Project</li>
	<li>Level the Group is Impacted by Project</li>
	<li>Current Change Readiness State</li>
	<li>Desired Change Readiness State</li>
	<li>Issues, Opportunities and Risks associated with each group</li>
	<li>Strategies and Actions to address issues, risks and opportunities</li>
</ul>
<p> </p>
<p>A snapshot from the Stakeholder Analysis Register is provided below.</p>
<p>Please note: Impact is measured by High (H), Medium (M) or Low (L).</p>
<p> </p>
<p>State of change readiness is assessed the measures as follows:</p>
<p>U – Unaware – this group has no information about the project</p>
<p>R – Resistant – aware of project and resistant to the changes and impacts the project may bring</p>
<p>N – Neutral – aware of the project and neither supportive nor resistant</p>
<p>S – Supportive – aware of the project and the potential changes and impacts and is supportive</p>
<p>L – Leading – aware of the project and actively engaged to ensure the project’s success</p>
<p> </p>
<p><strong><em>Stakeholder Analysis Register Snapshot:</em></strong></p>

<table width="781" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="87" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Group Name</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="80" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong># in Group</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="130" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Description &amp; Key attributes</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="46" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Impact on Project</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="46" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Impacted by Project</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="83" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Current State</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="83" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Desired State</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="102" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Issues, Opportunities and Risks</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="123" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Mitigation Strategies and Actions</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="87">
				<p>Marketing &amp; Sales</p>
			</td>
			<td width="80">
				<p>Indefinite</p>
			</td>
			<td width="130">
				<p>·   Analytics</p>
				<p>·   Purchase Order</p>
				<p>·   Forecasting Sales</p>
				<p>·   Advertisement</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>H</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>H</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Manual Documenting, Advertising, and Analytics</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Forecasting and Analytics using Artificial Intelligence</p>
			</td>
			<td width="102">
				<p>Time Consuming, Automation, Risk of Employees resisting to change</p>
			</td>
			<td width="123">
				<p>To Monitor the System in case of Inconsistency with data as well as backup for the system.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="87">
				<p>Accounting &amp; Finance</p>
			</td>
			<td width="80">
				<p>Indefinite</p>
			</td>
			<td width="130">
				<p>·   Transaction</p>
				<p>·   Assets</p>
				<p>·   Profits</p>
				<p>·   Budgeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>M</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>M</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Manual Calculations and Transactions</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Automation of Transaction, calculations, and budgeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="102">
				<p>Heavy reliant to the System. Better Monitoring of Profits. Risk</p>
			</td>
			<td width="123">
				<p>Data Transparency in Transactions, Education of Employees of Digital Transformation</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="87">
				<p>Inventory &amp; Logistics</p>
			</td>
			<td width="80">
				<p>Indefinite</p>
			</td>
			<td width="130">
				<p>·   Item Quality</p>
				<p>·   Item Stocks</p>
				<p>·   Item Delivery to Customer</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>M</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>H</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Faith and Confidence in the Distributor. Waiting for the Go Signal from the Inventory</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Total Control of the Inventory Status and Faster work function</p>
			</td>
			<td width="102">
				<p>Leads to Fraud, Reliability of Distributors. Risk of generating unnecessary inventory cost.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="123">
				<p>RFID Technology should be Implemented in the Items. Using Analytics and Automation of Transaction the company can predict the Order to reduce the Inventory cost of the company.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="87">
				<p>Distributors</p>
			</td>
			<td width="80">
				<p>Indefinite</p>
			</td>
			<td width="130">
				<p>·   Item Purchase</p>
				<p>·   Item Delivery to Company</p>
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>L</p>
			</td>
			<td width="46">
				<p>M</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Not Applicable</p>
			</td>
			<td width="83">
				<p>Not Applicable</p>
			</td>
			<td width="102">
				<p>Not Applicable</p>
			</td>
			<td width="123">
				<p>Not Applicable</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>

<h2>Power/Interest Classification</h2>
<p>           lorem</p>

<h2>Plan Stakeholder Management</h2>
<p>lorem </p>
<h2>Stakeholder Engagement</h2>
<p>lorem</p>
<p> </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="188" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Stakeholder</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="88" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Unaware</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="94" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Resistant</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="88" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Neutral</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="97" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Supportive</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="85" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Leading</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="188">
				<p>Marketing &amp; Sales</p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="94">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="97">
				<p>D</p>
			</td>
			<td width="85">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="188">
				<p>Accounting &amp; Finance</p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="94">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p>C</p>
			</td>
			<td width="97">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="85">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="188">
				<p>Inventory &amp; Logistics</p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="94">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="97">
				<p>D</p>
			</td>
			<td width="85">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="188">
				<p>Distributors</p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p>C</p>
			</td>
			<td width="94">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="88">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="97">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="85">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Engagement Assessment Matrix.  </strong>List stakeholders and place a “C” for their current level of engagement and “D” in the column of their desired level of engagement.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>            lorem</p>

<h2>Manage Stakeholder Engagement</h2>
<p>           lorem</p>
<h2>Monitor Stakeholder Engagement</h2>
<p>lorem</p>


=Scope Management Plan=


<h2>Introduction</h2>
<p>The Scope Management Plan provides the process of gathering the objective requirements, Defining the scope of the project, Verifying the scope of the project, Controlling measures and verifications and the project's work breakdown structure. This plan of documents also pertains to the roles and responsibilities as they required in the project scope. Any project communication which relates to the project's scope should adhere to Scope Management Plan.</p>
<p>This project is for gathering, analyzing, and designing a new concept to the business which will be used to reduce the current issues in the business such as reducing the cost of the warehouse, transaction or communications, and digital transformation. No programming nor system output to be anticipated for this project.</p>
<h2>Scope Management Approach</h2>
<p>The project manager is the sole responsible for the project's scope management. The scope of the project is defined in the Scope statement, work breakdown structure(WBS) and WBS dictionary. The project manager will establish measured project scope and the documentation of it that will based on the project's sponsor and stakeholders vision in the project which includes the requirements, quality checklist and work performance measurement. Proposed scope may change over time and initiated by the project manager, stakeholder or any member of the project team. All the change request must be submitted and discuss by the project team. The project team requires to consult the changes to the stakeholder to measure the effectivity of the change and accept the changes to the project. Upon the approval of the changes, the project team requires to also update all the documents that impacted the changes and communicate the scope change to all stakeholders. Based on the information gathered and inputted by the project manager and stakeholders, the project sponsor is the responsible for the final acceptance of the project deliverables and the project scope.</p>
<h2>Roles and Responsibilities </h2>
<p>The project manager, sponsor and the project team will play an important role in analyzation and documentation the scope of the project. As such, the project sponsor, manager and the team must be assigned to their respective roles and knows the responsibilities to ensure that the person assigned is performing the work better than the expected throughout the entire duration of the project.</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong> Role </strong></p>
			</td>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong> Responsibility </strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				<p><em> Project Client </em></p>
			</td>
			<td>
				<p><em> Approves Scope Management Plan. </em></p>
				<p><em> Provides high-level scope definition (Project Charter). </em></p>
				<p><em> Reviews escalated scope issues and provide direction for resolution. </em></p>
				<p><em> Approves major scope change requests. </em></p>
				<p><em> Overall decision-making responsibility for Scope Management activities. </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				<p><em> Project Manager </em></p>
			</td>
			<td>
				<p><em> Overall responsibility for scope management. </em></p>
				<p><em> Oversees the development of the Scope Management Plan. </em></p>
				<p><em> Oversees the scope change management process. </em></p>
				<p><em> Approves scope change requests within his/her authority. </em></p>
				<p><em> Escalates scope and change issues. </em></p>
				<p><em> Ensures that scope changes are incorporated into appropriate project documents </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				<p><em> Project Team Members and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) </em></p>
			</td>
			<td>
				<p><em> Help develop the project scope statement. </em></p>
				<p><em> Submit scope change requests. </em></p>
				<p><em> Review Scope Change requests when assigned. </em></p>
				<p><em> Provide feedback as and when required. </em></p>
				<p><em> Participate in team-level scope change reviews. </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				<p><em> Independent Verification and Validation (IV and V) </em></p>
				<p><em> Project Adviser </em></p>
			</td>
			<td>
				<p><em> Provides an ongoing independent review and analysis of project scope management practices. </em></p>
				<p><em> Monitors scope changes and provide feedback. </em></p>
				<p><em> Approves major scope change requests. </em></p>
				<p><em> Approval of all documentation throughout the project. </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				<p><em> Stakeholders </em></p>
			</td>
			<td>
				<p><em> Key providers of requirements, scope, and the recipients of project deliverables associated with the project benefits. Most of the project deliverables will based on their operations in the business and enhancing their business operations and environment. </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<h2> Scope Definition </h2>
<p>The extension for the project was characterized through far-reaching comprehensive analysis, requirements, and gathering process. Initial, a meeting was held to gather the information regarding in the organization's business operations and status then an intensive examination was performed on the organization's business process considering representative. From this data, the venture group built up the task necessities documentation, the prerequisites administration design, and the necessities attributable network for what the new programming application must achieve but necessarily building it.</p>
<p>The undertaking portrayal and expectations were created considering the prerequisites gathering procedure and contribution from topic specialists in programming and business applications. This procedure of judgment gave criticism on the best approaches to meet the first prerequisites of giving another product stage from which the organization can enhance its cost-benefit following and inside money related procedures.</p>
<h2> Project Scope Statement </h2>
<ul>
	<li>The Just-In-Time Website overall includes the design, functionality, and testing of the project for an E-Commerce Website. Additionality, will automate the transaction between the Customer to Distributor, and Distributor to Logistics. the payment gateway will be required to be implemented for the transaction to materialized into data entry while all the operations is processing in the background the effects of the automation of the transaction leads to reducing of inventory cost of the company.</li>
	<li>The Just-In-Time Website will also include Analytics for the Marketing and Sales of the company to provide better business decisions in the company. Due to the time constraint of three months of planning, analysis, and development the project is forced to reduce the amount of work per sprint.</li>
	<li>The project team and client agreed upon on the requirements of the website to be at the prototype stage with the agreed modules implement to the website which are the automation and the sales report analytics as well as the common functionality of an E-Commerce Website which are Shopping Cart, User Authentication, and Order Item. Better Designs can be implemented in other iteration of the project.</li>
	<li>This project does not include ongoing operations and maintenance cost of the website since the development team can benefit from the student development tools sponsored by their respective colleges.</li>
	<li>Bank-to-Bank method of payment gateway the project team and client agreed to avoid the work since the module requires the project team to apply credit cards transaction.</li>
	<li>The project is not to exceed 180 days in duration, on the days of development will only use development tools, Environment, and equipment available to us. Assumptions for this project are that support will be provided by the project client, adviser, and all department managers and that information, data, as well as adequate resources are available for the successful completion of this project.</li>
</ul>
<h2> Work Breakdown Structure </h2>
<p>For the succession of the project the management are required to work together but to be effective the project must work subdivided into individual work bundles not to surpass 20 hours of work. This will enable the Project Manager to more successfully deal with the venture's degree as the undertaking group takes a shot at the assignments important for venture culmination. The undertaking is separated into three stages: the outline stage, the Analyzing stage, and the Designing stage. Every one of these stages is then subdivided additionally down to work bundles that are assessed to require close to 20 hours of work and no under 2 hours of work.</p>
<h2> Scope Verification </h2>
<p>As the Project progress, the Project Advisor will verify the scopes and project deliverables compared to the original scope as defined in the scope statement, WBS, and WBS Dictionary. Once the client verifies the scope of the project satisfies the requirements defined in the project plan, the Project Advisor and Client will communicate for formal acknowledgment of the deliverable. Amid this gathering the Project Advisor will exhibit the deliverable to the Project Client for formal acknowledgment. The Project Client will acknowledge the deliverable by marking an undertaking deliverable acknowledgment archive. This will guarantee that venture work stays inside the extent of the task on a predictable premise for the duration of the life of the undertaking. An example of how the project adviser, client, and manager will verify the deliverables are drawn below:</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Inputs</p>
			</td>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>In Scope</p>
			</td>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Out</p>
				<p>Scope</p>
			</td>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Date</p>
			</td>
			<td bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Outputs</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
			<td>&nbsp;</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<h2> Scope Control </h2>
<p>The Project adviser and the project team will discuss and identify on controlling the scope of the project. The project team will have based the statement of the work using WBS Dictionary and Product Backlogs for each Scope. The project team will guarantee that they execute the job based on the description of the WBS Dictionary and generate the defined deliverable for each WBS element. The project advisor will monitor the project team and their progression the project to provide guidance that the scope control process is followed and progress is reported through the Project Scope measurement tools.</p>

<h2> Scope Change </h2>
<p>If an issue is arising in the project that needs a drastic change in the project scope requesting a change is the best course action. The process for recommending and estimating the change to the scope of the project are cautiously must executed. Any project team member, or project client can request changes to the project scope. All change request must be submitted to the project advisor in the form of a project change request document. The project advisor will then analyze the suggested change to the scope of the project. The project advisor will then either reject the change request if it does not in line with the purpose of the project, or convene a Change Control meeting between the project team and client to review the change request further and perform an impact assessment of the change. If the change request receives initial approval by the project advisor and client, the project manager will communicate the scope change to all project team members then they will update all the necessary documents, deliverables, and product backlogs.</p>


=Cost Management Plan=

<h2>Introduction</h2>
<p>            The person who will be fully responsible for managing the costs is the Project Manager since he is in charge of the project. During the duration of the project a meeting will be held every two weeks wherein the team will meet the client and present and evaluate the project’s cost performance for the previous weeks. Earned value will be used in measuring the performance of the project. The Project Manager will also be responsible for accounting for cost deviations and presenting it to the Client with options to bring the project back on track or budget. The Client will have the power to adjust the project to try to bring it back within the budget.</p>
<h2>Cost Management Approach</h2>
<p>            The cost for this project will be managed at a certain level in the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS). At this level Control Accounts (CA) will be created to track costs. The financial performance of the project will be determined and guided by Earned Value calculations for the CA’s.</p>
<p>            The status of the cost to cautionary will be changed by the cost variances of +/- 0.1 in the cost and schedule performances indexes; also, those values will be changed to yellow in the project status reports. The status of the cost to an alert stage will be changed by cost variances of +/- 0.2 in the cost and schedule performance indexes; those values will be changed to red in the project status reports. Having those values changed to red will require the Project Manager to do some corrective action in order to bring the cost and/or schedule performance indexes below the alert level, but the corrective actions will require a project change request and must be approved by the Project Sponsor before it can become part of the project.     </p>

<h2>Measuring Project Costs</h2>
<p>            The Earned Value Management will be used in evaluating the performance of the Project. The following Earned Value metrics that will be used to evaluate the project’s cost performance are as follows:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Schedule Variance (SV)</li>
	<li>Cost Variance (CV)</li>
	<li>Schedule Performance Index (SPI)</li>
	<li>Cost Performance Index (CPI)</li>
</ul>
<p>If the Schedule Performance Index or Cost Performance Index has a variance of between 0.1 and 0.2 the Project Manager must report the reason for the exception. If the SPI or CPI has a variance of greater than 0.2 the Project Manager must report the reason for the exception and provide management a detailed corrective plan to bring the projects performance back to acceptable levels.</p>
<table width="804" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="258" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Performance Measure</p>
			</td>
			<td width="312" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Acceptance Level</p>
			</td>
			<td width="234" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Critical Level</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="258">
				<p>Schedule Performance Index (SPI)</p>
			</td>
			<td width="312">
				<p>Between 0.9 and 0.8 or Between 1.1 and 1.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="234">
				<p>Less Than 0.8 or Greater than 1.2</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="258">
				<p>Cost Performance Index (CPI)</p>
			</td>
			<td width="312">
				<p>Between 0.9 and 0.8 or Between 1.1 and 1.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="234">
				<p>Less Than 0.8 or Greater than 1.2</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<h2>Reporting Format</h2>
<p> </p>
<p>            Reporting for cost management will be included in the monthly project status report.  The Monthly Project Status Report will include a section labeled, “Cost Management”.  This section will contain the Earned Value Metrics identified in the previous section.  All cost variances outside of the thresholds identified in this Cost Management Plan will be reported on including any corrective actions which are planned.  Change Requests which are triggered based upon project cost overruns will be identified and tracked in this report.</p>
<p> </p>
<h2>Cost Variance Response Process</h2>
<p> </p>
<p>            The Control Thresholds for this project is a CPI or SPI of less than 0.8 or greater than 1.2.  If the project reaches one of these Control Thresholds a Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan is required.  The Project Manager will present the Project Sponsor with options for corrective actions within five business days from when the cost variance is first reported.  Within three business days from when the Project Sponsor selects a corrective action option, the Project Manager will present the Project Sponsor with a formal Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan.  The Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan will detail the actions necessary to bring the project back within budget and the means by which the effectiveness of the actions in the plan will be measured.  Upon acceptance of the Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan it will become a part of the project plan and the project will be updated to reflect the corrective actions.</p>
<h2>Cost Change Control Process</h2>
<p> </p>
<p>            The cost change control process will follow the established project change request process.  Approvals for project budget/cost changes must be approved by the project sponsor.</p>
<p><strong>Project Budget</strong></p>
<p>            The budget for this project is detailed below.  Costs for this project are presented in various categories...</p>
<p> </p>
<table width="744" border="1" align="center">
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>INITIATION</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 52px;">
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="180" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>ROLE</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Hourly Rate</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="198" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Salary * No. of Days in January 2018</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="108" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>No. of People</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="162" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>COST</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Project Manager</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 201.09</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 608.70 * 23</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 37,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Document Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 112.50</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 900.00 * 20</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 18,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Business Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 160.5</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 284.00 * 14</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 17, 976.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p><strong>Sub-Total </strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 72, 976.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744">
				<p><strong>PLANNING</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 52px;">
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>ROLE</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="96">
				<p><strong>Hourly Rate</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="198">
				<p><strong>Salary * No. of Days in February 2018</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="108">
				<p><strong>No. of People</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="162">
				<p><strong>COST</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Project Manager</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 201.09</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 608.70 * 20</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 32, 174.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Document Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 112.50</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 900.00 * 17</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 15,300.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Financial Consultant</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 125.00</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 000.00 * 12</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 12, 000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Business Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 160.5</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 284.00 * 12</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 15, 408.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p><strong>Sub-Total </strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 74, 882.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>EXECUTION</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 52px;">
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="180" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>ROLE</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Hourly Rate</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="198" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Salary * No. of Days in March to August 2018</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="108" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>No. of People</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="162" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>COST</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Project Manager</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 201.09</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 608.70 * 132</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 212, 348.40</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Document Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 112.50</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 900.00 * 57</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 51, 300.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Digital Designer</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 104.73</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 837.86 * 80</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 67, 028.80</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>System Developer</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 178.84</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 430.72 * 132</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>2</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 377, 710.08</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Quality Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 154.64</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 237.12 * 60</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 74, 227.20</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p><strong>Sub-Total</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 782, 614.48</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>CONTROL </strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 52px;">
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="180" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>ROLE</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Hourly Rate</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="198" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Salary * No. of Days in Septemer 2018</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="108" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>No. of People</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="162" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>COST</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Project Manager</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 201.09</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 608.70 * 20</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 32, 174.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Document Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 112.50</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 900.00 * 17</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 15,300.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Quality Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 154.64</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 237.12 * 12</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 14, 845.44</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>System Developer (Head)</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 178.84</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 430.72 * 20</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 28, 614.40</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p><strong>Sub-Total </strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 90, 934.64</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 15px;">
			<td style="height: 15px;" width="180"> </td>
			<td style="height: 15px;" width="96"> </td>
			<td style="height: 15px;" width="198"> </td>
			<td style="height: 15px;" width="108"> </td>
			<td style="height: 15px;" width="162"> </td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>CLOSEOUT</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 52px;">
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="180" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>ROLE</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Hourly Rate</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="198" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Salary * No. of Days in October 2018</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="108" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>No. of People</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 52px;" width="162" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>COST</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Project Manager</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 201.09</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 1, 608.70 * 23</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 37,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p><strong>Document Analyst</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>₱ 112.50</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>₱ 900.00 * 20</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 18,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p><strong>Sub-Total </strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱ 55, 000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p><strong>Total </strong></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>₱1,076,409.28</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<p> </p>
<p><strong>PERSONNEL</strong></p>
<table width="630" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="125" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Staff</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Hourly Rate</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>8hours * Working Days</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>No. of People</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="131" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Cost</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>Project Manager</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 201.09</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>218</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱350,700.96</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>Document Analyst</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 112.50</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>131</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱117,900.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>System Developer</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 178.84</p>
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>132</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱188,855.04</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>System Developer</p>
				<p><strong>(HEAD)</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 178.84</p>
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>152</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱217,469.44</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>Digital Designer</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 104.73</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>80</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱67,027.20</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>Business Analyst</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱160.50</p>
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>26</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱33,384.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>Financial Analyst</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 125.00</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>12</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱12,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p>Quality Analyst</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱ 154.64</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>72</p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p>₱89,072.64</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="125">
				<p><strong>Sub-total</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p>₱<strong> 1037.30</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p><strong>691</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="125">
				<p><strong>8</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="131">
				<p><strong>₱</strong><strong>1,076,409.28</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<p> </p>
<p><strong>Software Cost Management</strong></p>
<table width="629" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="314" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Item</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="314" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Cost</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p>Data Center</p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p>₱2,879.07/yr.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p>Direct Software</p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p>₱ 2,662.00/yr.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p>Web Service</p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p>₱ 768.60/mo..</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p>Subscription of Host Server w/ Domain name</p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p>₱ 1,699.00/yr.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p>Payment Gateway</p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p>₱0.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p>Office 365 Business</p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p>₱ 468.75/mo.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="314">
				<p><strong>Sub-Total</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="314">
				<p><strong>₱8477.42</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<p><strong>OVERALL TOTAL</strong></p>
<table width="624" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="312" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Category</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="312" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Total</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="312">
				<p>Personnel</p>
			</td>
			<td width="312">
				<p>₱1,076,409.28</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="312">
				<p>Software</p>
			</td>
			<td width="312">
				<p>₱8477.42</p>
				<p><strong> </strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="312">
				<p><strong>Total</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="312">
				<p><strong>₱</strong><strong>1,084,886.70</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>

=Schedule Management Plan=

<h2>Introduction</h2>
<p>            The Schedule Management Plan is the process of structuring the strategies, systems, and documentation for planning, developing, overseeing, executing, and controlling the project’s schedule. The importance of this process that it provides instruction and knowledge on how the project’s schedule will be controlled throughout the whole project. The schedule management plan includes identifying methodologies and techniques, analyzing, controlling, limitations, prioritizing and distributing all time related changes in the schedule. </p>
<h2>Schedule Management Approach</h2>
<p>            In addition to Project Charter for the basis of the project schedule, the scope management plan is also a factor to be added as additional inputs. The inputs are evaluated then defined into activities that will determine as the module of the project which must be performed for the succession of the project. The activities will be arranged into order as work packages and assign each activity relationship between project activities. Each of the activities have duration which the project team requires to estimate and calculate the number of work periods required to complete the activities as whole package. To create the project schedule, the team will be using Microsoft Project on creating the Gantt Chart of the project schedule. To oversee the project’s growth estimating the assign resources to the work packages in order for the project to be complete the schedule development.</p>
<p>Once an initial schedule has been created, the project team and the resources assigned to it will work on it cautiously assigned to project work packages in order to avoid the project’s schedule to be in critical path. The project team and assets must consent to the proposed work package task, duration of the activities, and the project schedule. Once this accomplish the project adviser will check then authorized the schedule after that then it will be baselined.</p>
<p>The following be assigned as points of reference or milestones for the project schedule:</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="366" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Milestone</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="177" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Timeline</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Project Charter</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>1<sup>st </sup>month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Project Approval</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>2<sup>nd </sup>month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Developing the Website</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>3<sup>rd </sup>to 8<sup>th</sup> month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Complete Test Plan</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>9<sup>th</sup> month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Finalizing the Document</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>10<sup>th</sup> month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<p>Once the schedule is baselined as a major aspect of progressive elaboration, defining activities later may uncover new extension that was not envisaged previously. This ought to be taken care of through formal change control. Thus, change ask for is added to the is procedure as additional outputs. At the point when such changes are joined the plans and baselines will experience updates. The same are reflected as additional outputs. The development approach will altogether impact planning approach, evaluating methods, devices and how the schedule is managed and controlled.</p>
<p>Roles and responsibilities for schedule development are as follows:</p>

<table width="673" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="156" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Role</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Client</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Approves Scope Management Plan. </em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Provides high-level scope definition (Project Charter).</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Reviews escalated scope issues and provide direction for resolution.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approves major scope change requests.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Overall decision-making responsibility for Scope Management activities.</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Manager</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Overall responsibility for scope management. </em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Oversees the development of the Scope Management Plan.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Oversees the scope change management process.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approves scope change requests within his/her authority.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Escalates scope and change issues.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Ensures that scope changes are incorporated into appropriate project documents</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Team Members and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs)</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Help develop the project scope statement.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Submit scope change requests.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Review Scope Change requests when assigned.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Provide feedback as and when required.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Participate in team-level scope change reviews.</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Independent Verification and Validation (IV&amp;V)</em></p>
				<p><em>Project Adviser</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Provides an ongoing independent review and analysis of project scope management practices.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Monitors scope changes and provide feedback.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approves major scope change requests.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approval of all documentation throughout the project.</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p>Stakeholders</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Key providers of requirements, scope, and the recipients of project deliverables associated with the project benefits. Most of the project deliverables will based on their operations in the business and enhancing their business operations and environment. </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<p> </p>

<h2>Schedule Control</h2>
<p>            In order for the project team to control the schedule throughout of the lifetime of the project, the project schedule will be monitored, reviewed and revised when necessary whether a new or old information is added, deleted or updated. The project team members who accomplished the task will also be presenting the completion percentages that will be discuss to the project team.</p>
<p>            The project manager is responsible in managing schedule updates, meetings, and report as well as identifying the tasks that are scheduled for necessary modifications. Suggesting a schedule change requests and informing project schedule status to the stakeholder are also project manager's responsibilities.</p>
<p>            The project team is required in participating for the scheduled updates and meetings of the project. The project team are required to collaborate to any changes of the schedule from start-to-finish dates to the project manager and project adviser; and participating in schedule variance resolution as needed. The project manager will keep the project client updated of the project schedule status and the project client will review/approve any schedule request submitted by the project manager.</p>
<h2>Schedule Changes and Thresholds</h2>
<p>            When the project schedule is created by the project team, it is necessary that the project sponsor sets a limit to organize the schedule parameters wherein the project is anticipated to be finished or operational, this is important because it is necessary to align the project client visions and expectations to the actual project. One of the factors that could affect the changes in schedule is poor schedule management which will require an extension or change of project schedule. If there are any circumstances that may possibly affect the schedule which exceeds the limits set by the project sponsor, the project manager should submit a schedule change request and it should be approved by the project sponsor before the schedule change is made.</p>
<p>            The project manager will set a meeting with the project team to analyze and assess the change if any of the project team member concluded that an adjustment to the schedule is essential and an adjustment to the schedule is crucial to the succession of the project plan, the project manager, project team, project adviser, and the client must have a scheduled assessment meeting regarding the schedule adjustments. The project manager and the project team must decide which tasks will be affected by the potential change. A potential change and any alternative solutions activities must have materialized to see how they would affect the scope, schedule, and resources. After the analysis is completed, the project manager must resolve if any change will surpass the original schedule as planned or will go according to the schedule, then a schedule change request must be submitted.</p>
<p>Submittal of a schedule change request to the project stakeholder for approval is required if the following conditions is true:</p>
<ul>
	<li>The recommended change is reducing the duration or deliverables of an individual Sprint Backlog in developing phase in the project, or increasing the duration of individual Sprint Backlog by 10% or more, to clarify adding it to the duration not extending the work over all duration.</li>
	<li>Changes in the scope statement shall be considered to prevent inconsistencies in the documentation phase of the project. The project team must compile all the inconsistencies in the document before increasing the work packages by 5% or more to update the changes in all of documentation.</li>
	<li>Another approach to the change is either to reduce the duration of the overall project schedule by 10% or more, or increase the duration of the overall project schedule by 2% or more.</li>
</ul>
<p>            Any change request that do not comply meet these thresholds are still viable to submission to the project manager for approval. Once the change request has been reviewed and analyze by the project manager consulting first with the project adviser is recommended then discussing it with the project client is a must. After approving the change request, the project manager is responsible of adjusting the schedule and updating all the change and effects to the project team and client. The project manager must also ensure that all change requests are archived in the project records repository.</p>
<h2>Scope Change</h2>
<p>            If an issue is arising in the project that needs a drastic change in the project scope requesting a change is the best course action. The process for recommending and estimating the change to the scope of the project are cautiously must executed. Any project team member, or project client can request changes to the project scope. All change request must be submitted to the project advisor in the form of a project change request document. The project advisor will then analyze the suggested change to the scope of the project. The project advisor will then either reject the change request if it does not in line with the purpose of the project, or convene a Change Control meeting between the project team and client to review the change request further and perform an impact assessment of the change. If the change request receives initial approval by the project advisor and client, the project manager will communicate the scope change to all project team members’ then they will update all the necessary documents, deliverables, and product backlogs.</p>

=Work Breakdown Structure=

<h2>Introduction</h2>
<p>            The Work Breakdown Structure is breakdown of all the work packages necessary to complete, presented here represents all the work required to complete this project. A WBS is constructed Outline View Structure to develop to easily navigate and understand the structure how to accomplish this project, it also represents the work identified in the approved Project Scope Statement and serves as an Initial Schedule Development and Cost Estimating. We do the WBS is help more accurately and specifically define and organize the scope of the whole project. Also, to help with assigning responsibilities, resource allocation, monitoring and controlling the project.</p>
<h2><strong>Outline View</strong></h2>
<li>Just-In-Time E-Commerce Website
<ul>
<ul>Initiation
<ul>
<ul>Determine Project Team</ul>
<ul>Develop Project Charter</ul>
<ul><em>Deliverable:</em> Submit Project Charter</ul>
<ul>Project Sponsor Reviews Project Charter</ul>
<ul>Project Charter Signed/Approved</ul>
<ul><em>Deliverable:</em> Work Breakdown Structure</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>Planning
<ul>
<ul>Create Preliminary Scope Statement</ul>
<ul>Project Team Initial Meeting</ul>
<ul><em>Deliverable:</em> Stakeholder Management Plan</ul>
<ul><em>Deliverable:</em> Schedule Management Plan</ul>
<ul><em>Deliverable:</em> Cost Management Plan</ul>
<ul>Submit Deliverables</ul>
<ul>Project Team Meeting</ul>
<ul><em>Milestone:</em> Project Plan Approval</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>Execution
<ul>
<ul>Project Team Meeting</ul>
<ul>Verify &amp; Validate Stakeholder Requirements</ul>
<ul>Design System</ul>
<ul>Procure Hardware/Software</ul>
<ul>Install Development System</ul>
<ul>Sprint Planning Meeting</ul>
<ul>Create Sprint Backlog</ul>
<ul>Develop Sprint Backlog Items (Daily Scrum)</ul>
<ul>Sprint Review Meeting</ul>
<ul>Sprint Retrospective Meeting</ul>
<ul>Integration to Cloud Server</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>Control
<ul>
<ul>Quality Assurance Control</ul>
<ul>Project Management</ul>
<ul>Project Status Meetings</ul>
<ul>Risk Management</ul>
<ul>Update Project Management Plan</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>Closeout
<ul>
<ul>Audit Procurement</ul>
<ul>Document Lessons Learned</ul>
<ul>Update Files/Records</ul>
<ul>Gain Formal Acceptance</ul>
<ul>Archive Files/Documents</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<h2>WBS Dictionary</h2>
<table width="780" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="141" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Level</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>WBS Code</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Element Name</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p>Definition</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Just-In-Time E-Commerce Website</p>
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>All are will work to implement a Just-In-Time E-Commerce Website.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Initiation</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Team will work to initiate the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1.1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Determine Project Team</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Manager determines the project team and requests the resources.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Develop Project Charter</p>
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Team will come-up a project charter.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1.3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p><em>Deliverable:</em> Submit Project Charter</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Manager will deliver the project charter to the Project Sponsor.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1.4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Project Sponsor Reviews Project Charter</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project sponsor will review the Project Charter.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1.5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Project Charter Signed/Approved</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Manager will need to approve/sign the Project Charter to the Project Sponsor.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.1.6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p><em>Deliverable:</em> Work Breakdown Structure</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Manager will deliver the Work Breakdown Structure to the Project Sponsor.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Planning</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Team will work for the planning process for the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Create Preliminary Scope Statement</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Manager will create a Preliminary Scope Statement.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p>Project Team Initial Meeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project Team will start an initial meeting together with Project Manager and Project Sponsor (optional).</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="228">
				<p><em>Deliverable:</em> Stakeholder Management Plan</p>
			</td>
			<td width="348">
				<p>The Project manager will analyze all stakeholders and their anticipated expectations of the project outcome and deliverables.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p><em>Deliverable:</em> Schedule Management Plan</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Manager will develop a schedule management plan and the communicating schedules for time and resource.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p><em>Deliverable:</em> Cost Management Plan</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Manager will plan and controll the budget of a business also a form of management accounting that allows a business to predict impending expenditures to help reduce the chance of going over budget.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Submit Deliverables</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Manager will submit the project deliverables to the project sponsor.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.7</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Project Team Meeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Team will continue the initial meeting together with Project Manager and Project Sponsor</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.2.8</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p><em>Milestone:</em> Project Plan Approval</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>When the project plan is already approved, the Project Manager has permission to proceed to execute the project according to the project plan.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Execution</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Execute the project plan.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p> </p>
				<p> </p>
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Project Team Meeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Manager will conduct a formal meeting with the project team, project stakeholders and project sponsor.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Verify &amp; Validate User Requirements</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The original user requirements are reviewed by the project manager and team, then validated with the users/stakeholders. This is where additional clarification may be needed.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Design System</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Team design the new management system.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Procure Hardware/Software</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Team will procure of all hardware, software and facility needs for the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Install Development System</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Team will install a development system for testing and customizations of user interfaces.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Sprint Planning Meeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Planning Meeting for maximum of eight hours for a one-month Sprint. </p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.7</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Create Sprint Backlog</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>During the sprint planning meeting, the Project team selects some number of product backlog items, usually in the form of user stories, and identifies the tasks necessary to complete each user story.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.8</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Develop Sprint Backlog Items (Daily Scrum)</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Team develop a Daily Scrum meeting ideally during start of the working day.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.9</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Sprint Review Meeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>At the end of each sprint, the project team has produced a coded, tested and usable piece of software.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.10</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Sprint Retrospective Meeting</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Usually the last thing done in a sprint. The entire team, including both the ScrumMaster and the product owner should participate.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.3.11</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Integration to Cloud Server</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Enables the integration and interaction of different operating systems, application and services within an enterprise IT environment.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Control</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The work involved for the control process of the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.4.1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Quality Assurance Control</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The process oriented and focuses on defect prevention.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.4.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Project Management</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Overall project management for the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.4.3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Project Status Meetings</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Weekly team status meetings.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.4.4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Risk Management</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Risk management efforts as defined in the Risk Management Plan.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.4.5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Update Project Management Plan</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Project Manager updates the Project Management Plan as the project progresses.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Closeout</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The work to close-out the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.5.1</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Audit Procurement</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>An audit of all hardware and software procured for the project, ensures that all procured products are accounted for and in the asset management system.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.5.2</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Document Lessons Learned</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>Project Manager along with the project team performs a lesson learned meeting and documents the lessons learned for the project.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.5.3</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Update Files / Records</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>All files and records are updated to reflect the widget management system.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.5.4</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Gain Formal Acceptance</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>The Project Sponsor formally accepts the project by signing the acceptance document included in the project plan.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="141">
				<p>6</p>
			</td>
			<td width="64">
				<p>1.5.5</p>
			</td>
			<td width="230">
				<p>Archive Files / Documents</p>
			</td>
			<td width="354">
				<p>All project related files and documents are formally archived.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
<h2>Glossary of Terms </h2>
<p><strong>Scrum</strong> – is a process encourages practitioners to work with what they have and continually evaluate what is working and what is not working. Communication, which is an important part of the process, is carried out through meetings, called Events. Sprint Planning Meeting - a sprint refers to the time frame in which work must be completed, and it's often 30 days. Everyone participates in setting the goals, and at the end, at least one increment -- a usable piece of software -- should be produced.</p>
<p><strong>Sprint Review</strong> - this is the time to show off the increment. Sprint Retrospective - is a meeting that's held after a Sprint ends. During this meeting, everyone reflects on the Sprint process. A team-building exercise may also be offered. An important goal of a Sprint Retrospective is continuous improvement.</p>
<p><strong>Sprint backlog</strong> - is a list of tasks that must be completed before selected product backlog items can be delivered. These are divided in to time-based user stories.</p>
<p><strong>Product increment</strong> - refers to what's been accomplished during a Sprint -- all the product backlog items as well as what's been created during all previous Sprints. The product increment reflects how much progress has been made.</p>
<p><strong>Cloud integration</strong> - is the process of configuring multiple application programs to share data in the cloud. In a network that incorporates cloud integration, diverse applications communicate either directly or through third-party software.</p>
<p><strong>Risk management</strong> - is the process of identifying, assessing and controlling threats to an organization's capital and earnings.</p>
<p><strong>Project Charter</strong> - is a formal, typically short document that describes your project in its entirety including what the objectives are, how it will be carried out, and who the stakeholders are.</p>
<p>Level of Effort:       Level of Effort (LOE) is how much work is required to complete a task.</p>
<p>WBS Code:              A unique identifier assigned to each element in a Work Breakdown Structure for designating the elements hierarchical location within the WBS.</p>
<p>Work Package:         A Work Package is a deliverable or work component at the lowest level of its WBS branch.</p>
<p>WBS Component:    A component of a WBS which is located at any level.  It can be a Work Package or a WBS Element as there's no restriction on what a WBS Component is.</p>
<p>WBS Element:         A WBS Element is a single WBS component and its associated attributes located anywhere within a WBS.  A WBS Element can contain work, or it can contain other WBS Elements or Work Packages.</p>
