=Project Title=
<h1 style="text-align:center">Chubby Gourmet E-Commerce Web Application</h1>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio L. Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Adviser==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jo Anne M. de la Cuesta</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">joannec@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gianna Bernice R. Artajos</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">grartajos@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Philip L. Flores</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">mlflores@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">John Rysal C. Rosel</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jcrosel@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Lester Dave M. Salazar</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">lmsalazar2@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<br />

=Company Profile=
<h2>Brief Background:</h2>
<p>Insert text here</p>

=Business Case=
==Executive Summary==
<p>This section will give an overview of what issue the project is trying to solve, the anticipated outcomes to expect, recommendations on who to approach and solve the issue, and justifications as to why the project should be implemented for the client. </p>

<p>After the global pandemic struck COVID-19 and social distance was enforced strictly across the country, businesses were forced to come up with new ways of being able to serve their customers. Whether it be by implementing an online e-commerce system, implementing a non-contact delivery system, etc. Either way, these kinds of solutions will always be a struggle to gain an edge for local micro-to-small enterprises such as Chubby Gourmet. Chubby Gourmet (established in 2020) is a micro-enterprise that focuses on offering their food products via delivery and is stationed within the village of Laguna Bel Air 1, Sta. Rosa Laguna.  </p>

<h3>Issue</h3>
<p>HighTable was fortunate enough to meet with the business owner, Priscilla Mariano, to assess and discuss the problems surrounding her business. The main issue that was discovered was her current system, which is manually doing tasks such as order taking, which she needs to manually note down via pen and paper through getting her customer’s order via Facebook Messenger. Another problem found in their current system was the inventory management of her ingredients, food containers, etc. The last problem Miss Mariano stated was that she had to constantly keep answering individual frequently asked questions from her customers, since her Facebook page does not have a Frequently Asked Questions portion. </p>

<p>Overall, all of these tasks take up most of her time before even cooking the orders from her customers which causes a concern for her in the long run of her business. She wishes to find a more efficient way of handling orders, transactions, inventory management, and answering queries all in one platform. </p>

<h3>Anticipated Outcomes</h3>
<p>With the issues stated above, HighTable wishes to establish the following anticipated outcomes of the solution: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Improve process problems found within Chubby Gourmet by implementing an E-commerce web application.</li>
  <li>Continuously improving and adjusting the project to the client’s needs with little-to-no issue</li>
  <li>Gain client satisfaction with little-to-no corrections needed</li>
</ul>  
<p>These anticipated outcomes will be guided by the client’s constant feedback, the group’s advisor, and thorough communication within the group. </p>

<h3>Recommendation</h3>
<p>With the issues stated above, HighTable recommends implementing an e-commerce web application to help Chubby Gourmet. Upon entering the web application, the user will be able to see and use the following features: </p>

<ul>
  <li>Product Management (Admin Side) </li>
  <li>Order Management (Admin Side) </li>
  <li>Inventory Management (Admin Side)</li>
  <li>Generation of Reports (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Print Reports (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Customer Account Creation (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Shopping Cart (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Checkout (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Payment (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Delivery Schedule (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Order Tracking (Customer and Admin Side)</li>
  <li>Catering Schedule (Customer Side)</li>
</ul>  
<p>With these features suggested, the web application will be able to achieve the anticipated outcomes that the group has established and may even continue to improve further if needed. </p>

<h3>Justification</h3>
<p>The reason as to why this solution will be applicable for Chubby Gourmet is because in today’s standards, the world has adapted to using online commerce more and has become a new normal in the current market. By implementing the e-commerce web application, this allows Chubby Gourmet to establish their brand and services online for the public and allows HighTable to exercise their skills in developing a project that will meet the needs of the client through technical skills such as web development. </p>

==Business Case Analysis Team==
<p>Table 1 shows the team of professionals who will work on creating the plan and their roles on the plan: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESIGNATION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Priscilla Mariano  </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Adviser: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Jo Anne de la Cuesta <br><em>MIM Executive Director </em></p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gia Artajos </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Members: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Flores  <br><em>Scrum Master</em><br>Rysal Rosel<br><em>Product Developer</em><br>Lester Salazar<br><em>Product Designer</em></p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Problem Definition==
<h3>Problem Statement</h3>
<p>Chubby Gourmet is a one-woman food business located in Laguna, Philippines, which faces several difficulties in managing its operations. The business owner struggles to handle customer inquiries, accept orders, and track inventory due to limited resources and staff. Specifically, the business owner has trouble organizing orders received via Facebook Messenger, keeping track of inventory, and answering the same set of customer questions repeatedly, leading to a time-consuming and inefficient process. To address these challenges, the business needs an improved system that can streamline operations, provide a better customer experience, and allow the owner to focus on delivering quality food to customers. </p>

<h3>Organizational Impact </h3>
<p>The proposed e-commerce web application will bring a significant impact to the business processes of Chubby Gourmet. The new system will allow the business owner to handle customer inquiries and orders more efficiently and effectively, which will lead to a more streamlined process. Additionally, the online platform will allow customers to place their orders more conveniently and receive faster service. This will lead to an enhanced customer experience and increased customer satisfaction. With an automated system, Chubby Gourmet can focus on serving quality food and growing the business, rather than spending a significant amount of time on administrative tasks.  </p>

<h3>Technology Migration </h3>
<p>The proposed e-commerce web application for Chubby Gourmet will be developed using PHP and SQL technology. The web application will be hosted on Hostinger, a reliable and secure web hosting server. The data migration process will ensure that all relevant data is carried over to the new system. The new system will undergo extensive testing to ensure its reliability, efficiency, and security. Technical requirements and potential obstacles will be addressed during the development process to ensure a successful implementation. Chubby Gourmet's admin will receive instructions from developers to use the new system effectively and to take full advantage of its features, leading to a more streamlined and efficient process. </p>

==Project Overview==
<p>This section will discuss high-level information about Chubby Gourmet’s e-commerce Web Application including its description, goals and objectives, performance criteria, assumptions, constraints, and milestones.  This section will also provide all project-specific information that will help in the contribution of the project. </p>

<h3>Project Description</h3>
<p>HighTable intends to implement an e-commerce web application in Chubby Gourmet’s current system. The web application would have the usual e-commerce functionalities, all the while adding a mobile app version for the mobile users to gain access to. </p>
<p>The project will be managed/executed using the agile methodology because the group sees this method as an effective method to accomplish tasks efficiently. HighTable has been using this method to accomplish previous tasks for the past three terms and will continue to use it throughout the duration of the production of the project. </p>
<p>The general purpose as to why this project is being conducted is because not only is HighTable accomplishing this for their pre-requisite deliverable for BSIT, but they see it as a need to help micro-to-small enterprises like Chubby Gourmet to excel in the field they work in. </p>

<h3>Goals and Objectives</h3>
<p>HighTable intends to accomplish this project as effectively as possible and to help improve the current system Chubby Gourmet is using. These are the following specific objectives that the group must accomplish: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Organize customer orders faster by 80%, which contains details such as personal information, orders, and transaction details.</li>
  <li>Digitize 100% of the inventory management allowing an easier way of tracking (add, update, delete) current inventory.</li>
  <li>Display answers to common queries from customers with two (2) to three (3) clicks, so that Chubby Gourmet could spend less time answering questions every day. </li>
</ul>  

<h3>Project Performance</h3>
<p>The group will gauge the project’s performance by reviewing and evaluating the following documents filled out upon testing by both the developers and the client: </p>

<ul>
  <li>Test Case </li>
</ul>  
<p>Under this document is where the developers of the group test each of the features developed and used a “PASS” or “FAIL” status on each of the features, noting down all possible scenarios to stress test the feature. </p>

<ul>
  <li>Web Performance Objectives </li>
</ul>  
<p>Written by Cassone et. Al, in the document entitled “Web Performance Testing and Measurement: a complete approach”, they were able to come up with three main objectives with sub-objectives that can be followed when evaluating the performance of a web application. </p>

<ul>
  <li>End-User Objectives
<ul>
  <li>To find average response time of pages and transactions, slowest and fastest pages; </li>
  <li>To make sure main pages (e.g. landing page) can be downloaded within acceptable time  </li>
  <li>To find out maximum number of concurrent users, sessions and transactions that the application is able to support still providing a high level of service and without the system crashing </li>
<li>To characterize more frequent user paths, the most used starting and exiting page; </li>
  <li>To identify main reasons of site abandonment </li>
</ul>  
</li>
  <li>System Objectives
<ul>
  <li>To correlate system resource utilization with load; </li>
  <li>To find out possible actual hardware bottlenecks and prevent new ones (capacity planning); </li>
  <li>To tune all the web application components to support as much load as possible using actual hardware; </li>
<li>To find out how the application works when overloaded; </li>
</ul>  
</li>
  <li>Management Obejctives
<ul>
  <li>To provide an objective measure of the usage of the site (e.g. the amount of electronics carts and number of items that were sold) </li>
  <li>To provide a “business view” of the previous data (Comparing with the business’ previous system)   </li>
</ul>  
</li>
</ul>  
<p>The group will gauge the project’s performance by reviewing and evaluating the following documents and objectives filled out upon testing by both the developers and the stakeholders. </p>

<h3>Project Assumptions</h3>
<p>Listed below are the main assumptions for the project: </p>
<ul>
  <li> HighTable will be focusing on continuing the development and improvement of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application until the release of the system. </li>
  <li> The client (Ms. Priscilla Mariano) will agree to continue giving her honest feedback, suggestions, and concerns that pertain to the development of the system. </li>
  <li>All stakeholders involved in the project will address all needed changes and improvements when necessary and will be accomplished by HighTable if applicable.</li>
</ul>  

<h3>Project Constraints</h3>
<p>Listed below are the following constraints of the production of the project: </p>
<ul>
  <li>HighTable will only be working within the designated timespan of the subject course Project Management (PROJAMAN) and any additional subject courses that are required for the development of the project. </li>
  <li>HighTable will not be involved in any monetary transactions whatsoever in the development of the project, excluding funds needed in hosting the web application when the project is ready for release.</li>

</ul>  

<h3>Major Project Milestones</h3>
<p>Listed below are the milestones that HighTable has and should be able to accomplish: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">-</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">-</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 1 | MNTSDEV Deliverables <br>(Date 2021)  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The group has identified a client, project advisor, and client problem </li>
  <li>The group has accomplished the necessary research and problem statements to propose solution </li>
  <li>The group has successfully passed the first half of documentation of the proposed system. </li>
</ul>  
 </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 2 | MYSADD1 <br>(Date 2022)  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The group has accomplished the necessary diagrams for the proposed solution’s processes</li>
  <li>The group has accomplished the second half of documentation </li>
  <li>The group finishes drafting the front-end layout of the web application. </li>
</ul>  
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 3 | MCSPROJ <br>(Date 2023) </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The group developed the following features in the web application: 
<ul>
  <li>Login and Register </li>
  <li>Admin Dashboard </li>
  <li>Category and Product Dashboard (Admin side) </li>
<li>Menu, cart, checkout page of the store </li>
  <li>Orders page (Admin side) </li>
  <li>Payment creation </li>
<li>Inventory page </li>
  <li>Home page </li>
  <li>Report page </li>
</ul>  
</li>
  <li>The group finishes developing the front-end and backend of the web application. </li>
</ul>  
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 4 | PROJMAN <br>(June 2023) </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><ul>
  <li>Finish further documentation of the project </li>
</ul>  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 5 | SOFTDEV <br>(July 2023) </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><ul>
  <li>Complete the full testing from the stakeholders to receive feedback for further improvement </li>
 <li>Complete all necessary documentation for stakeholders </li>
</ul>  </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Strategic Alignment==
<p>The implementation of the e-commerce web application for Chubby aligns with the 	business goals, including: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Improved operational efficiency: The automated system will streamline the order taking, inventory management, and customer inquiries processes, reducing the time and effort required to manage these tasks manually. This will result in improved operational efficiency and productivity for the business.   </li>
  <li>Enhanced customer experience: The online platform will provide customers with a convenient and user-friendly way to place orders, track their orders, and receive updates on delivery schedules. This will lead to an enhanced customer experience and increased customer satisfaction. </li>
  <li>Increased sales and revenue: The online presence and ease of ordering through the web application can attract more customers, resulting in increased sales and revenue for Chubby Gourmet. </li>
</ul>  

==Cost Benefit Analysis==
<p>This section of the paper presents a cost-benefit analysis for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. The purpose of this analysis is to evaluate the financial feasibility of the project, considering both the costs and the expected benefits of the proposed system. The results of the analysis will help to determine whether the project is a worthwhile investment for the client. </p>

<p>Benefits:<br>The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application could offer several benefits to the client once fully implemented, including: </p>
<ul>
  <li>The client can potentially increase their sales revenue by reaching a wider audience, which is estimated to be x0.5 of the current sales allowing them to better showcase their products and services, and providing an easier purchasing experience for customers; </li>
  <li>With an integrated e-commerce platform, the client can streamline their operations, reducing their overall operating costs by consolidating their marketing, sales, and payment processing functions onto a single platform; </li>
  <li>With a more user-friendly and seamless e-commerce platform, customers are more likely to become repeat customers, leading to better overall customer experience; and </li>
<li>By utilizing an e-commerce platform, the client can expand their reach beyond their physical store location, tapping into new geographic markets and demographic segments that were previously untapped. </li>
</ul>  

<p>Costs:<br>The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project has the following costs associated with it: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Hosting for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is estimated to cost ₱99.00. </li>
  <li>The cost of the domain for the project is estimated at ₱908.00. </li>
  <li>The internet fee, which includes the cost of high-speed internet access required for the project's development and implementation, is expected to amount to ₱20,388.00. </li>
<li>The other expenses for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project amount to ₱92,085.00 per year, covering electricity, ingredients, water, gas, and other operational costs necessary for the successful and efficient running of the e-commerce platform. </li>
</ul>  

<p>The total cost of the project is ₱113,453.00 per year. </p>

<p>It is important to note that the costs associated with development and maintenance are excluded from the analysis as the project is being undertaken for academic purposes and not for commercial gain. Additionally, contingency costs are also not included as they are part of the development process. </p>

<p>The cost difference between the current system and the proposed project is not significant since the existing devices and operational expenses can be used for the new system. However, the potential benefits of the project, such as increased reach and sales revenue, are expected to be significant due to the expanded customer base and improved user experience offered by the project. </p>

<p>The cost-benefit analysis indicates that pursuing the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is worth pursuing for the business. While there will be initial costs associated with hosting, domain, internet and electricity fees, as well as operational expenses, the potential benefits of the project such as increased sales revenue, and improved customer experience and retention, are expected to outweigh the initial investment in the long run. </p>

==Alternatives Analysis==
<p>This alternatives analysis aims to evaluate and compare the advantages and disadvantages of three options for the Chubby Gourmet business: doing nothing, using website builders, and hiring workers. The following sections present a detailed analysis of each option's pros and cons, including the reasons why they were not chosen as the proposed solution for the business. </p>

<strong>Doing Nothing</strong>
<br>Pros:
<ul>
  <li>Low-cost option as it uses the current system of using Facebook to promote, manage orders, and process payments. </li>
</ul>  
Cons:
<ul>
  <li>Lacks the necessary features and functionalities to scale the business and meet customer demands. </li>
  <li>It relies heavily on Facebook's algorithms, which can change at any time, resulting in a loss of business. </li>
  <li>Limited control over the customer experience, which could lead to negative reviews and reduced customer retention. </li>
</ul>  
Conclusion:
<p>This option was not chosen because it does not address the client's needs and long-term objectives. </p>

<strong>Website Builders</strong>
<br>Pros:
<ul>
  <li>Offers pre-built templates and customizable features to create an e-commerce website. </li>
</ul>  
Cons:
<ul>
  <li>May not meet the specific needs of the client's business. </li>
  <li>Requires technical expertise to customize and maintain the website. </li>
  <li>Has recurring costs such as monthly subscription fees, transaction fees, and add-ons. </li>
</ul>  
Conclusion:
<p>This option was not chosen because it may not provide the required functionalities, and the recurring costs may be higher than the proposed system's costs. </p>

<strong>Hiring Workers</strong>
<br>Pros:
<ul>
  <li>Provides the opportunity to hire competent personnel to manage the Facebook page and process orders. </li>
</ul>  
Cons:
<ul>
  <li>Requires a significant amount of time and effort to find and train personnel. </li>
  <li>Incurs additional expenses such as salaries, benefits, and insurance. </li>
  <li>May not provide the scalability and flexibility required to meet customer demands. </li>
</ul>  
Conclusion:
<p>This option was not chosen because it may not provide a cost-effective and long-term solution to the client's problem. </p>

=Project Charter=

=Stakeholders Management Strategy Plan=

=Scope Management Plan=

=Cost Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>Effective cost management is crucial for the success of any project, and the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is no exception. This Cost Management Plan document outlines the strategies and procedures that will be employed to ensure that project costs are managed efficiently and effectively throughout its lifecycle. </p>
<p>The purpose of this plan is to establish the guidelines and standards for measuring, controlling, and reporting project costs. The plan identifies the individuals responsible for cost management, defines the authority levels for approving changes to the project budget, and outlines the mechanisms for measuring and reporting cost performance. </p>
<p>By adhering to the standards set out in this plan, we can ensure that the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is completed within budget, on time, and to the satisfaction of all stakeholders.</p>

==Cost Management Approach==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project will utilize the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) to effectively manage costs. As the project management team does not have a Project Management Information System, costs will be managed at the last level of each WBS activity, it can either be third, fourth, or fifth level of the WBS. This level of granularity strikes a balance between detailed cost management and manageable effort. </p>
<p>At the last level of each WBS activity, Cost Accounts will be established for each major deliverable. Each Cost Account will be assigned a budget, and actual costs will be tracked against this budget. To ensure effective cost management, a Cost Account Manager will be designated for each Cost Account. They will be responsible for managing the costs associated with their respective Cost Account. </p>
<p>Cost performance will be monitored by regularly reviewing actual costs against the budgeted costs for each Cost Account. Any variances will be thoroughly investigated, and corrective actions will be taken as necessary. Additionally, a cost performance index (CPI) and a schedule performance index (SPI) will be utilized to track cost and schedule performance. Monthly reports will be generated and presented to the Project Sponsor and other key stakeholders. </p>
<p>All changes to the project scope or budget will require review and approval by the Project Manager and the Project Sponsor. If a cost change exceeds 10% of the total project budget, approval from the Project Sponsor will be necessary before implementation. </p>
<p>By managing costs at the last level of the WBS and regularly reviewing cost performance, the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project will be completed within the approved budget and to the satisfaction of all stakeholders. </p>

==Measuring Project Costs==
<p>This section will detail the Earned Value measurements that will be captured and reported upon, and whether any tools, such as project management software, will be used to assist in capturing Earned Value metrics. The section will also outline how future project costs will be forecasted and how cost performance will be reviewed over time, across work packages or schedule activities. </p>
<p>Forecasting future project costs is an important aspect of cost management in any project. In the cost management plan for Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application, the project team will use a combination of historical data and expert judgment to forecast future project costs. The team will also consider any changes in project scope, schedule, or resource requirements that may affect the project budget. </p>
<p>To review cost performance across work packages or schedule activities, the team will analyze the data collected through the EVM measurements and identify the areas where the project is over or under budget. The team will then drill down to the specific work packages or activities that are causing the deviations and take corrective actions accordingly. This will help the team keep the project on track and prevent any cost overruns or schedule delays. </p>
<p>To review cost performance over time, the team will use the earned value management (EVM) approach and measure Schedule Variance (SV), Cost Variance (CV), Schedule Performance Index (SPI), and Cost Performance Index (CPI) regularly. These measurements will help the team identify any deviations from the budget and schedule and take corrective actions to keep the project on track. </p>
<p>Schedule Variance (SV) will be used to measure the schedule performance of the project. It will be calculated by taking the Earned Value (EV) and subtracting the Planned Value (PV). If SV is zero, the project is perfectly on schedule. If SV is greater than zero, the project is ahead of schedule. If SV is less than zero, the project is behind schedule. </p>
<p>Cost Variance (CV) will be used to measure the budget performance of the project. It will be calculated by subtracting Actual Costs (AC) from Earned Value (EV). If the CV is zero, the project is perfectly on budget. If the CV is greater than zero, the project is under budget. If the CV is less than zero, the project is over budget. </p>
<p>The Schedule Performance Index (SPI) will measure the progress achieved against what was planned. SPI will be calculated as EV/PV. A well-performing project should have its SPI as close to 1 as possible, or maybe even a little under 1. </p>
<p>The Cost Performance Index (CPI) will measure the value of the work completed compared to the actual cost of the work completed. CPI will be calculated as EV/AC. If the CPI is greater than 1, the project is under budget. If it's less than 1, the project is over budget. If CPI is equal to 1, the project is perfectly on budget. </p>

==Reporting Format==
<p>The reporting format for the cost management plan of the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application will be a monthly report presented by the Project Manager to the stakeholders. The report should be easily understandable and accessible to all stakeholders, including the project team, stakeholders, and management. </p>
<p>The report will include the following elements: </p>
<p>Cost Summary 
<br>
A summary of the project's status in terms of the cost, including the total project cost, the cost incurred to date, and the cost forecast for the remainder of the project.</p>
<p>Budget Overview 
<br>
A detailed breakdown of the project's budget, including the cost of each phase or deliverable, and the costs associated with each project resource (e.g., labor, equipment, etc.). </p>
<p>Cost Variance Analysis 
<br>
A detailed analysis of any variances between the project's actual costs and the budgeted costs for the month. This should include a detailed explanation of the causes of the variances, the impact on the project, and any actions taken to address them. </p>
<p>Budget Forecast 
<br>
A projection of the project's future costs, including any potential cost variances and their potential impact on the project. </p>
<p>Cost Management Metrics 
<br>
A set of key performance indicators that provide a snapshot of the project's cost performance, including cost variance, cost performance index (CPI), and schedule performance index (SPI). </p>
<p>Risks and Opportunities 
<br>
A summary of the identified risks and opportunities related to the cost of the project, including any updates to the risk and opportunity register. </p>
<p>Change Requests 
<br>
A summary of any approved or pending change requests related to the cost of the project. </p>
<p>Approval and Sign-off 
<br>
A section for the project manager and other key stakeholders to review, approve, and sign off on the cost management report. </p>

==Cost Variance Response==
<p>The Cost Variance Response Process for the Chubby Gourmet E-commerce Web Application project is outlined below: </p>
<p>Identify the Cost Variance 
<br>
The project team will monitor and track all costs incurred and compare them to the budgeted costs. If the actual costs exceed the budgeted costs by a predetermined threshold, a cost variance will be identified. </p>
<p>Analyze the Cost Variance 
<br>
The project team will analyze the cost variance to determine the root cause(s) of the deviation. This may involve a review of the project plan, a breakdown of cost components, and consultations with stakeholders. </p>
<p> 
Develop Options 
<br>
Based on the analysis, the project team will develop a range of options to address the cost variance. These may include reducing scope, changing resource allocations, renegotiating contracts, or seeking additional funding. </p>
<p>Evaluate Options 
<br>
The project team will evaluate the options in terms of feasibility, effectiveness, and impact on the project objectives. The options will be presented to the project sponsor or other decision-makers for approval. </p>
<p>Implement Chosen Option 
<br>
Once the chosen option is approved, the project team will implement the corrective action. This may involve revising the project plan, and reallocating resources. </p>
<p>Monitor Progress 
<br>
The project team will continue to monitor and track costs to ensure that the corrective action is effective in addressing the cost variance. If necessary, additional corrective actions may be taken to further mitigate the cost variance. </p>
<p>Communicate Status 
<br>
The project team will provide regular updates on the status of the cost variance and any corrective actions taken to stakeholders, including the project sponsor, management, and other relevant parties.</p>

==Cost Change Control Process==
<p>The Cost Change Control Process for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application will be as follows: </p>
<p>Request for Cost Change 
<br>
Any proposed changes to the project budget or costs must be submitted to the project manager in writing using the Cost Change Request Form. </p>
<p>Initial Assessment 
<br>
The project manager will review the Cost Change Request Form and perform an initial assessment to determine the potential impact on the project budget, schedule, scope, and quality. </p>
<p>Analysis of the Cost Change 
<br>
The project manager will analyze the Cost Change Request in consultation with the project team to determine the feasibility, risks, and benefits of the proposed change. </p>
<p>Cost Change Approval 
<br>
The project manager will submit the Cost Change Request along with the analysis and recommendations to the project sponsor for approval. The project sponsor will review the request and either approve or reject it based on the impact analysis and the project's objectives and constraints. </p>
<p>Implementation of the Cost Change 
<br>
Once approved, the project manager will implement the Cost Change in accordance with the approved plan and schedule. This may involve updating the project management plan, revising the budget, reallocating resources, changing the project scope or quality, or updating the risk management plan. </p>
<p>Cost Change Monitoring 
<br>
The project manager will monitor the Cost Change to ensure that it is implemented as per the approved plan and schedule. The project team will track the cost performance and schedule performance to identify any variances or deviations from the plan and take corrective actions as necessary. </p>
<p>Reporting on the Cost Change 
<br>
The project manager will report the Cost Change in the regular project status reports to the project sponsor, and other stakeholders as appropriate. The report will include the approved Cost Change Request, the analysis and recommendations, the implementation plan and schedule, the monitoring and control plan, and any other relevant financial data. </p>

==Project Budget==
<p>The budget for this project is detailed below.  Costs for this project are presented in various categories. </p>
Approved Budget: ₱ 5,000,000.00 
<br>Manpower Cost:	₱ 4,009,000.00 
<br>Maintenance Cost:	₱ 40,000.00 
<br>Contingency Cost:	₱ 342,000.00 
<br>Total Project Cost:	₱ 4,391,000.00 


=Time Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is a strategic initiative that seeks to provide a robust platform for food enthusiasts to explore and purchase food items online and to help the business solve its business needs. To achieve the project's objectives, effective management practices, including proper planning, execution, and control, are essential. </p>
<p>Schedule management is a critical component of project management, which ensures that the project is delivered within the agreed timeline and budget. A well-crafted schedule provides a roadmap for the project team, enabling them to prioritize resources and tasks effectively. </p>
<p>This Schedule Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project outlines the approach to managing the project schedule, including schedule control, changes, and thresholds, and scope changes. This serves as a reference document that provides a framework for the project team to adhere to the agreed-upon schedule management process. </p>

==Schedule Management Approach==
<p>The schedule management approach outlines the general framework for creating and managing the project schedule for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application. The approach includes the scheduling tool/format, schedule milestones, and schedule development roles and responsibilities. </p>

<p><strong>Scheduling Tool/Format </strong>
<br>
ProjectLibre will be used as the primary scheduling tool for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. This tool enables the creation of project schedules, including activity names, durations, predecessors, and resource names. ProjectLibre is a robust scheduling tool that provides features such as Gantt charts, enabling the project team to create and manage the project schedule effectively. Moreover, it will also be used to track and schedule milestones. Milestones are essential components of the project schedule as they indicate significant project achievements and provide a basis for tracking progress. The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project will have several milestones, including the completion of the project planning phase, completion of the design phase, completion of the development phase, and project delivery. </p>

<p><strong>Schedule Development Roles and Responsibilities </strong>
<br>
The success of the project schedule depends on the project team's collaboration and communication. The roles and responsibilities for schedule development include the project manager, project team, project sponsor, and project stakeholders.  </p>

<p>Project Manager 
<br>
The project manager is responsible for overseeing the project schedule's development and ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives.  </p>
<p>Project Team 
<br>
The project team is responsible for providing input on task durations, dependencies, and resource requirements.  </p>
<p>Project Sponsor 
<br>
The project sponsor provides guidance and support throughout the project.</p>
<p>Project Stakeholders 
<br>
The project stakeholders provide input on the project schedule's development and ensure that it aligns with their requirements. </p>

==Schedule Control==
<p>The schedule control section defines how the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project's schedule will be managed throughout its duration. This includes the frequency of updates, schedule reviews, communicating the schedule and progress, and roles and responsibilities related to schedule control. </p>
<p><strong>Frequency of Updates and Schedule Reviews </strong>
<br>
The project schedule will be updated regularly to reflect progress made, changes in project scope or requirements, and other factors that may impact the project schedule. The project team will meet weekly to review and update the project schedule, ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives and timelines. However, any changes to the project schedule will be communicated promptly to all stakeholders, including the project sponsor and project stakeholders. </p>
<p><strong>Roles and Responsibilities </strong>
<br>
The success of schedule control depends on clearly defined roles and responsibilities.  </p>
<p>Project Manager 
<br>
The project manager is responsible for overseeing the project schedule's development, ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives and timelines, and managing any changes to the project schedule.  </p>
<p>Project Team 
<br>
The project team is responsible for providing input on task durations, predecessors, and resource requirements, and ensuring that tasks are completed on time.  </p>
<p>Project Sponsor 
<br>
The project sponsor provides guidance and support throughout the project, ensuring that the project stays on track and that any issues are addressed promptly.</p>
<p>Project Stakeholders 
<br>
The project stakeholders provide input on the project schedule's development, ensuring that it aligns with their requirements and expectations. </p>

==Schedule Changes and Thresholds==
<p>The schedule changes and thresholds section of the Schedule Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project outlines the process for managing schedule changes and sets the boundaries for changes to the project schedule. The section covers the approval process for schedule changes and the threshold for significant schedule changes. </p>
<p><strong>Schedule Change Request </strong>
<br>
The project sponsor will establish the schedule parameters within which the project is expected to operate. Any event that may potentially cause a schedule change exceeding these boundaries must have a schedule change request submitted for approval. The change request will identify the reason for the change, the impact on the project schedule, and any associated risks. The project manager will be responsible for submitting the schedule change request to the project sponsor for approval. </p>
<p><strong>Schedule Change Approval </strong>
<br>
The project sponsor will review and approve schedule change requests based on the established criteria. The project sponsor will consider the reason for the change, the impact on the project schedule, and any associated risks when making their decision. If the schedule change is approved, the project manager will update the project schedule and communicate the changes to the project team, stakeholders, and other relevant parties. </p>
<p><strong>Schedule Change Threshold </strong>
<br>
For the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project, a change threshold of 10% will be used. This means that any schedule change that impacts the project schedule by more than 10% must be approved by the project sponsor before the change can be implemented. This threshold will help to ensure that significant schedule changes are carefully considered and that the project remains on track. </p>

==Scope Change==
<p>The scope change section of the Schedule Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project outlines the process for managing scope changes and the impact on the project schedule. The section covers the process for evaluating the impact of scope changes and the steps for re-baselining the schedule if necessary. </p>
<p><strong>Scope Change Evaluation </strong>
<br>
Approved changes to the project's scope may result in the need to re-baseline the project schedule. These scope changes may include new deliverables or requirements that were not previously considered as part of the original schedule's development. When a scope change is proposed, the project manager and team must evaluate the impact of the change on the project schedule, resources, and budget. The project team will consider the impact on the schedule, identify any critical path changes, and adjust the schedule as needed. </p>
<p><strong>Re-Baselining the Schedule </strong>
<br>
If the evaluation indicates that the scope change will have a significant impact on the project schedule, the project manager will initiate the re-baselining process. This process includes updating the project schedule with the approved changes and obtaining approval from the project sponsor. The project manager will work with the project team to update the schedule and ensure that any changes are communicated to stakeholders and other relevant parties. </p>
<p><strong>Scope Change Approval </strong>
<br>
The project sponsor will review and approve scope changes based on the established criteria. The project sponsor will consider the impact on the project schedule, resources, and budget when making their decision. If the scope change is approved, the project manager will update the project schedule, obtain the necessary approvals, and communicate the changes to the project team and stakeholders. </p>

=Work Breakdown Structure=

==Introduction==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet Web Application project involves the development of an e-commerce web application that will enable the business to efficiently manage its market, streamline its processes and enhance its customer service. The Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) for Chubby Gourmet project outlines the various work packages that must be accomplished to deliver a functional and user-friendly e-commerce web application. The WBS presents the project scope and helps in defining the deliverables that must be accomplished to meet the project objectives. This document will provide an overview of the WBS layout for the Chubby Gourmet project.</p>
<br>
<p>The WBS is organized into five major phases, which include project planning, analysis and design, development, documentation, and development II. Each phase is further broken down into several sub-phases or work packages, which are numbered for easy reference. The WBS has been designed to accommodate the key stakeholders, including the project owner, Ms. Priscilla Mariano. Ms. Mariano will have the opportunity to review the WBS to ensure that the project goals are being met, and any adjustments can be made before the project progresses too far.</p>
<br>
<p>Overall, the WBS for the Chubby Gourmet project provides a comprehensive view of the tasks needed to deliver a fully-functional e-commerce web application. It is an essential tool that helps the project team in tracking and monitoring the progress of the project, ensuring that it is delivered on time and to the satisfaction of the stakeholders.</p>
<br>

==Outline View==
<p>The outline view for the work breakdown structure (WBS) of Chubby Gourmet provides a straightforward and clear layout that is easy to understand. This layout is particularly useful during the development phase of the project as it enables the project team to make changes quickly and efficiently. The outline view displays the hierarchical structure of the WBS, which allows the project team to easily see the various levels of the project and how they relate to one another. With this view, the team can easily identify the major deliverables of the project and the sub-deliverables that contribute to the completion of each major deliverable. This helps ensure that the project team stays on track and is able to complete the project within the established timeline.</p>

<ul>1. Chubby Gourmet Web Application 
<ul>
<ul>1.1 Planning 
<ul>
<ul>1.1.1 Project Preparation
<ul>
<ul>1.1.1.1 Creation of project group</ul>
<ul>1.1.1.2 Choose project/client</ul>
<ul>1.1.1.3 Choose adviser/consultant</ul>
<ul>1.1.1.4 Design Thinking 1</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.2 Team Meetings
<ul>
<ul>1.1.2.1 Client meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.2 Adviser meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.3 Client meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.4 Adviser meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.5 Adviser meeting 3</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.6 Client meeting 3</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.7 Adviser meeting 4</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.8 Adviser meeting 5</ul>
<ul>1.1.2.9 Adviser meeting 6</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.3 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.3 Chap 3 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.4 Chap 4 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.1.5 Chap 5 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.2 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.3 Midterm Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.4 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.1.3.5 Revised Midterm paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.4 Prototype
<ul>
<ul>1.1.4.1 Initial Low-Fidelity Prototype</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.1.5 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.3 Chap 3 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.4 Chap 4 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.1.5 Chap 5 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.2 Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.3 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.4 Final Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.5 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.1.5.6 Revised Final paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.2 Analysis and Design
<ul>

<ul>1.2.1 Initial Deliverables 
<ul>
<ul>1.2.1.1 Submission of MNTSDEV Documents</ul>
<ul>1.2.1.2 Creation of Github Repository</ul>
<ul>1.2.1.3 Choose Adviser/Consultant</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.2 Team Meetings
<ul>
<ul>1.2.2.1 Client meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.2 Adviser meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.3 Client meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.4 Adviser meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.5 Panelists meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.6 Adviser meeting 3</ul>
<ul>1.2.2.7 Adviser meeting 4</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.3 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1 Diagrams
<ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.1 MVC</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.2 Event Table</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.3 Use Case Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.4 Use Case Full Description</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.5 DFD</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.6 CFD</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.7 ERD</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.8 Activity Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.9 Object Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.1.10 Class Diagram</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.3.2 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.2.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.3.3 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.4 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.5 Midterm Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.6 Midterm Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.7 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.2.3.8 Revised Midterm paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1 Diagrams
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.1 Sequence Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.2 State Machine Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.3 Package Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.4 Component Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.5 Deployment Diagram</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.1.6 Data Dictionary</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4.2 Prototype
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.2.1 Updated Low-Fidelity Prototype</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4.3 Project paper
<ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.3.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.2.4.4 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.5 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.6 Final Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.7 Final Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.8 Comments matrix</ul>
<ul>1.2.4.9 Revised Final paper</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3 Development
<ul>
<ul>1.3.1 Initial Deliverables 
<ul>
<ul>1.3.1.1 Submission of MSSYADD1 Documents</ul>
<ul>1.3.1.2 Choose Adviser/Consultant</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3.2 Team Meetings
<ul>
<ul>1.3.2.1 Client meeting 1</ul>
<ul>1.3.2.2 Client meeting 2</ul>
<ul>1.3.2.3 Adviser meeting 1</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3.3 Releases
<ul>
<ul>1.3.3.1 Release 1</ul>
<ul>1.3.3.2 Release 2</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3.4 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.1.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.2 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.3 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.4 Midterm Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.5 Midterm Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.6 Improvement matrix</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.7 Revised Midterm paper</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8 MCSPROJ Deliverables</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.1 Vision and Scope Documentations</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.2 Gantt Chart</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.3 WBS</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.4 Activity List</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.5 Project Charter</ul>
<ul>1.3.4.8.6 Statement of Work</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.3.5 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1 Project paper</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.3 Chap 3 Technical Background</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.4 Chap 4 Methodology</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.5 Chap 5 Results and Discussions</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.1.6 Chap 6 Conclusion</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.2 Updated Teaser Video</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.3 Powerpoint Deck</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.4 Final Presentation</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.5 Final Rubric</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.6 Improvement matrix</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.7 Revised Final paper</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8 MCSPROJ Deliverables</ul>
<ul>
<ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.1 Quality Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.2 Change Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.3 Contingency Plan</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.4 User Project Review</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.5 SRS</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.6 Test Case</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.7 Project Sway</ul>
<ul>1.3.5.8.8 Proofread Request</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.4 Documentation
<ul>
<ul>1.4.1 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.4.1.1 Business Case</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.2 Project Charter</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.3 Stakeholders Management Strategy Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.4 Scope Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.5 Cost Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.6 Time Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.7 WBS</ul>
<ul>1.4.1.8 Work Packages</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.4.2 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.4.2.1 Human Resource Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.2 Quality Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.3 Risk Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.4 Communications Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.5 Procurement Management Processes</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.6 Project Status Reports Distribution Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.7 Change Request Documentation</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.8 Project Execution Monitoring Report</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.9 Implementation Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.10 Change Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.11 Project Status Reports</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.12 Transition-Out Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.13 Project Turn Over Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.14 Post Project Review Plan</ul>
<ul>1.4.2.15 Consolidated Project Plan</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>
<ul>1.5 Development II
<ul>
<ul>1.5.1 Midterm Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.5.1.1 Week 1: Planning</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.2 Week 2: Analysis and User Requirements</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.3 Week 3: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.4 Week 4: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.5 Week 5: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.6 Week 6: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.1.7 Week 7: System Design - Back-end</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.5.2 Final Deliverables
<ul>
<ul>1.5.2.1 Week 8: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.2 Week 9: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.3 Week 10: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.4 Week 11: System Design - Back-end</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.5 Week 12: Testing</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.6 Week 13: Testing</ul>
<ul>1.5.2.7 Week 14: Go Live</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<br>

==Hierarchical Structure==
<p>The hierarchical structure is an effective way to represent the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) for the Chubby Gourmet project. It shows the breakdown of the project into smaller, manageable parts, with each level representing a more detailed and specific set of activities. This structure allows for a clear understanding of the dependencies between different tasks and deliverables and enables the project team to track progress and identify any potential issues at an early stage.</p>

<table width="780" border="1" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td width="141" bgcolor="lightgreen"><p>Level</p></td>
		<td width="64" bgcolor="lightgreen"><p>WBS Code</p></td>
		<td width="228" bgcolor="lightgreen"><p>Element Name</p></td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
		<td width="141"><p>1</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Chubby Gourmet Web Application </p></td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
		<td width="141"><p>2</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Planning </p></td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
		<td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.1</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Project Preparation </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.1.1</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Creation of project group</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.1.2</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Choose project/client</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.1.3</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Choose adviser/consultant</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.1.4</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Design Thinking 1</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.2</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Team Meetings</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.2.1</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Client meeting 1</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.2.2</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 1</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.2.3</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Client meeting 2</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.2.4</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 2</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
		<td width="64"><p>1.1.2.5</p></td>
		<td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 3</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.2.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Client meeting 3</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.2.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 4</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.2.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 5</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.2.9</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 6</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 1 Introduction</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 2 RRL/RRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 3 Methodology</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 4 Results and Discussions</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 5 Conclusion</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Powerpoint Deck</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Presentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Comments matrix</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.3.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Revised Midterm paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Prototype</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.4.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Initial Low-Fidelity Prototype</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 1 Introduction</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 2 RRL/RRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 3 Methodology</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 4 Results and Discussions</p></td>
  </tr>
<tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 5 Conclusion</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Teaser Video</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Powerpoint Deck</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Presentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Comments matrix</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.1.5.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Revised Final paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>2</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Analysis and Design</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Initial Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Submission of MNTSDEV Documents</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Creation of Github Repository</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Choose Adviser/Consultant</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Team Meetings</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Client meeting 1</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 1</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Client meeting 2</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 2</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Panelists meeting 1</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 3</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.2.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Adviser meeting 4</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="3"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="4"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Diagrams</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="5"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>MVC</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="5"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Event Table</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="5"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Use Case Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="5"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Use Case Full Description</p></td>
  </tr>
<tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>DFD</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>CFD</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>ERD</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Activity Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.9</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Object Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.1.10</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Class Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 1 Introduction</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 2 RRL/RRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 3 Technical Background</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 4 Methodology</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 5 Results and Discussions</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.2.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 6 Conclusion</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Updated Teaser Video</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Powerpoint Deck</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Presentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Rubric</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Comments matrix</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.3.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Revised Midterm paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Final Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Diagrams</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Sequence Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>State Machine Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Package Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Component Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Deployment Diagram</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.1.6</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Data Dictionary</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.2</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Prototype</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Updated Low-Fidelity Prototype</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.3</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Project paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="80"><p>1.2.4.3.1</p></td>
    <td width="200"><p>Chap 1 Introduction</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.3.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 2 RRL/RRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.3.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 3 Technical Background</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.3.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 4 Methodology</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.3.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 5 Results and Discussions</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.3.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 6 Conclusion</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Updated Teaser Video</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Powerpoint Deck</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Presentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Rubric</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Comments matrix</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.2.4.9</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Revised Final paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>2</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Development</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.1</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Initial Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Submission of MSSYADD1 Documents</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Choose Adviser/Consultant</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.2</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Team Meetings</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Client Meeting 1</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.2.2</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Client Meeting 2</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.2.3</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Adviser Meeting 1</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.3</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Releases</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.3.1</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Release 1</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="30"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="50"><p>1.3.3.2</p></td>
    <td width="150"><p>Release 2</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 1 Introduction</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 2 RRL/RRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 3 Technical Background</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 4 Methodology</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 5 Results and Discussions</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.1.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 6 Conclusion</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Updated Teaser Video</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Powerpoint Deck</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Presentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Rubric</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Improvement matrix</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Revised Midterm paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>MCSPROJ Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Vision and Scope Documentations</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Gantt Chart</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>WBS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Activity List</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Charter</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.4.8.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Statement of Work</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 1 Introduction</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 2 RRL/RRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 3 Technical Background</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 4 Methodology</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 5 Results and Discussions</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.1.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Chap 6 Conclusion</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Updated Teaser Video</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Powerpoint Deck</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Presentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Rubric</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Improvement matrix</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Revised Final paper</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>MCSPROJ Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Quality Management Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Change Management Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Contingency Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>User Project Review</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>SRS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Test Case</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Sway</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>5</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.3.5.8.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Proofread Request</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>2</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Documentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Business Case</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Charter</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Stakeholders Management Strategy Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Scope Management Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Cost Management Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Time Management Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>WBS</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.1.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Work Packages</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Human Resource Management Processes</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Quality Management Processes</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Risk Management Processes</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Communications Management Processes</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Procurement Management Processes</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Status Reports Distribution plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Change Request Documentation</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.8</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Execution Monitoring Report</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.9</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Implementation Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.10</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Change Management plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.11</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Status Reports</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.12</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Transition-Out Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.13</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Project Turn Over Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.14</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Post Project Review Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.4.2.15</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Consolidated Project Plan</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>2</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Development II</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Midterm Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 1: Planning</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 2: Analysis and User Requirements</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 3: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 4: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 5: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 6: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.1.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 7: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>3</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Final Deliverables</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.1</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 8: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.2</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 9: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.3</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 10: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.4</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 11: System Design - Back-end</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.5</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 12: Testing</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.6</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 13: Testing</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td width="141"><p>4</p></td>
    <td width="64"><p>1.5.2.7</p></td>
    <td width="228"><p>Week 14: Go Live</p></td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

==Tabular View==
<p>The tabular view of the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) for Chubby Gourmet presents a clear and organized overview of the project by displaying all tasks and subtasks in a table format.</p>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="80">Level 1</th>
      <th width="80">Level 2</th>
      <th width="120">Level 3</th>
      <th width="120">Level 4</th>
      <th width="120">Level 5</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="200">1. Chubby Gourmet Web Application</td>
      <td rowspan="27">1.2  Analysis and Design</td>
      <td rowspan="27">1.2.1 Initial Deliverables<br>1.2.2 Team Meetings<br>1.2.3 Midterm Deliverables<br>1.2.4 Final Deliverables</td>
      <td rowspan="27">1.1.1.1 Creation of project group<br>1.1.1.2 Choose project/client<br>1.1.1.3 Choose adviser/consultant<br>1.1.1.4 Design Thinking 1<br>1.1.2.1 Client meeting 1<br>1.1.2.2 Adviser meeting 1<br>1.1.2.3 Client meeting 2<br>1.1.2.4 Adviser meeting 2<br>1.1.2.5 Adviser meeting 3<br>1.1.2.6 Client meeting 3<br>1.1.2.7 Adviser meeting 4<br>1.1.2.8 Adviser meeting 5<br>1.1.2.9 Adviser meeting 6<br>1.1.3.1 Project paper<br>1.1.3.2 Powerpoint Deck<br>1.1.3.3 Midterm Presentation<br>1.1.3.4 Comments matrix<br>1.1.3.5 Revised Midterm paper<br>1.1.4.1 Initial Low-Fidelity Prototype<br>1.1.5.1 Project paper<br>1.1.5.2 Teaser Video<br>1.1.5.3 Powerpoint Deck<br>1.1.5.4 Final Presentation<br>1.1.5.5 Comments matrix<br>1.1.5.6 Revised Final paper</td>
      <td rowspan="27">1.1.3.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction<br>1.1.3.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS<br>1.1.3.1.3 Chap 3 Methodology<br>1.1.3.1.4 Chap 4 Results and Discussions<br>1.1.3.1.5 Chap 5 Conclusion<br>1.1.5.1.1 Chap 1 Introduction<br>1.1.5.1.2 Chap 2 RRL/RRS<br>1.1.5.1.3 Chap 3 Methodology<br>1.1.5.1.4 Chap 4 Results and Discussions<br>1.1.5.1.5 Chap 5 Conclusion</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

=Work Packages=

