<span id="project-title"></span>
=Project Title=
Tracking Activity Project Management

<span id="project-members"></span>
= Project Members =

<span id="project-professor"></span>
== Project Professor  ==

{| class="wikitable"
! NAME !! POSITION !! EMAIL
|-
| Jose Eugenio Quesada || PROJMAN Professor || jlquesada@apc.edu.ph
|}

<span id="project-adviser"></span>
== Project Adviser  ==

{| class="wikitable"
! NAME !! POSITION !! EMAIL
|-
| Jayvee Cabardo || PROJMAN Adviser || jayveec@apc.edu.ph
|}

<span id="project-team"></span>
== Project Team  ==

{| class="wikitable"
! NAME !! EMAIL
|-
| Noreen Keziah Sioco || nssioco@student.apc.edu.ph
|-
| Bea Angeline Cruz || b-cruz@student.apc.edu.ph
|-
| Mark Gerald Giba || mpgiba@student.apc.edu.ph
|-
| Joseph Adrian Lebag || jclebag@student.apc.edu.ph
|-
| Jose Norberto Verde || jtverde@student.apc.edu.ph
|}

<span id="company-profile"></span>
= 1. Company Profile =

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294870" class="anchor"></span>Table 1 High-Level Company Information
|-
! Registered Name:
! Asia Pacific College
|-
| Company Logo:
| https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/cb0fbdf5-dc4b-4495-a03a-fdd25124d34e
|-
| Address:
| Asia Pacific College, 3 Humabon Place, Magallanes, Makati City, Philippines
|-
| Telephone Number:
| +63 917 816 5570
|-
| Line of Business:
| Private Tertiary Education Institution
|-
| Type of Customers:
| Students and Teachers
|-
| Date of Registration:
| 1991
|-
| President:
| Dr. Teresita P. Medado
|-
| Number of Employees:
| 51-200
|}


The College is devoted to advancing knowledge and educating students in information technology, commerce, engineering, accountancy, entrepreneurship, multimedia arts, and other areas of scholarship that will best serve the global community in the 21st century. Graduates of APC are now found in all sectors of businesses and industries. They translate their knowledge into products, services, and jobs.

Project: Tracking Activity Project Management (TAPM) for Asia Pacific College’s Project Development Office

The Project Tracking Monitoring System is designed to streamline project management and improve collaboration among team members. The Work Bench Structure is organized according to the five phases of the Project Management Lifecycle, from Initiation to Closeout.

The system features a Project Dashboard, where users can see an overview of all projects they participate in, as well as individual project workspaces for detailed project planning and execution. The Task Board allows users to assign tasks, set priorities and deadlines, and track progress, while the File Sharing feature facilitates collaboration by allowing users to upload and share important project documents and files.

Communication features, including chat, video conferencing, and email integration, allow team members to stay connected and informed throughout the project. Reporting and Analytics features provide real-time data on project progress, resource utilization, and budget tracking, allowing for better decision-making and risk management.

The vision, mission, and value of Asia Pacific College:

Vision:

Asia Pacific College envisions itself to be the preferred Higher Education Institution bridging academe and industry with its programs founded on the concepts and applications of IT, guided by the core values of integrity, industry and innovation that works.

Mission:

Asia Pacific College, powered by education and industry professionals as faculty and a balanced curriculum, aims to provide business and the information and communications technology industry in the Philippines and in the global community lifelong learning graduates who are anchored on the principles of integrity and professionalism.

Values:

APC aims to produce graduates with a keen sense of industry or hard work, integrity or honesty that is coupled with strong moral/ethical principles, and innovation or the consistent introduction of new and creative methods or ideas.

<span id="executive-summary"></span>
= 2. Executive Summary  =

The Tracking Activity Project Management system aims to address common issues and problems in project management by utilizing tools and techniques for tracking progress and task management. Through the implementation of tracking activity project management tools, project managers can gain better visibility into project status and identify potential bottlenecks or delays. This enables them to take action and make adjustments to ensure the project stays on track.

In addition to progress tracking, project management tools offer various other benefits, including improved communication among team members, better alignment of project objectives with overall business goals, and more effective task prioritization. Successfully implementing tracking activity project management tools can lead to improved project outcomes, increased efficiency, and greater productivity for the organization.

Overall, the Tracking Activity Project Management system represents a valuable initiative aimed at improving project outcomes and enhancing efficiency in project management. By implementing these tools and techniques, organizations can improve their project management practices and achieve better results.

<span id="issue"></span>
== 2.1. Issue  ==

The Project Development Office of Asia Pacific is facing challenges in promptly monitoring the status of internal and external projects within the school. These challenges include a lack of visibility into project status, potential bottlenecks or delays, poor communication among team members, and difficulty aligning project objectives with overall business goals. These issues often result in missed deadlines, cost overruns, and poor-quality outcomes.

<span id="_Toc138295475" class="anchor"></span>2.2. Anticipated Outcomes<br />
The implementation of Tracking Activity Project Management can lead to improved project outcomes, including meeting project timelines, staying within budget, delivering quality products or services, improved communication among team members, better alignment of project objectives with overall business goals, and more effective task prioritization. These outcomes will benefit stakeholders by increasing efficiency and productivity for the organization and better utilization of resources.

<span id="recommendation"></span>
== 2.3. Recommendation  ==

It is recommended to implement a system that addresses the lack of supervision, such as a tool that improves project management practices and achieves better outcomes. The Tracking Activity Project Management system will provide real-time updates, task assignment, and progress tracking.

<span id="justification"></span>
== 2.4. Justification  ==

By implementing the Tracking Activity Project Management system, the focus will be on meeting market demands, improving project outcomes, and staying competitive in the marketplace. Additionally, this system can optimize resource allocation, enhance team collaboration, and increase efficiency, resulting in cost savings and improved IT security. Implementing these tools will enable organizations to establish best practices for project management and enhance overall efficiency and productivity.

<span id="business-case-analysis-team"></span>
== 2.5 Business Case Analysis Team  ==

Noreen Keziah Sioco - Project Manager: Responsible for managing the entire business case analysis procedure, ensuring the project is completed on schedule and within budget. They will also oversee team meetings, task distribution, and stakeholder interaction.

Mark Gerald Giba and Bea Angeline Cruz - Business Analysts: Responsible for compiling and analyzing information regarding issues or opportunities and developing potential solutions.

Jose Norberto Verde and Joseph Adrian Lebag - Operations Specialists: Responsible for examining the operational needs of the proposed solution and creating an implementation strategy. They will oversee the resources required for implementation, develop an implementation schedule, and identify potential risks and issues.

<span id="business-case"></span>
= 3. Business Case =

<span id="problem-definition"></span>
== 3.1 Problem Definition ==

<span id="problem-statement"></span>
=== 3.1.1. Problem Statement  ===

The Project Development Office of Asia Pacific is having difficulty monitoring the status of the school's internal and external projects promptly. This includes the lack of visibility into project status, potential bottlenecks or delays, poor communication among team members, and difficulty aligning project objectives with overall business goals. These issues often result in missed deadlines, cost overruns, and poor-quality outcomes.

<span id="organizational-impact"></span>
=== 3.1.2. Organizational Impact  ===

The implementation of an integrated project management system within the Project Development Office of Asia Pacific will have a significant impact on the organization. It will address existing challenges such as lack of visibility, poor communication, and difficulty aligning project objectives with business goals. By providing real-time project status updates, enabling efficient communication among team members, and ensuring alignment with business goals, the system will enhance project performance, reduce delays, and improve outcomes. This will lead to cost savings, increased efficiency, and higher customer satisfaction rates, driving overall organizational performance and profitability.

Moreover, the integrated system will streamline processes by consolidating dispatch tools and reducing manual tasks. This will result in improved efficiency, faster response times, and reduced errors. The optimized process will enable team members to allocate resources effectively, resolve outages promptly, and enhance customer satisfaction. Additionally, the system will free up resources and savings that can be redirected towards other important initiatives, contributing to the organization's success, and fostering continuous improvement. Overall, the implementation of the integrated project management system will transform the Project Development Office, addressing existing issues, optimizing processes, and driving positive impacts on project delivery and overall organizational performance.

<span id="technology-migration"></span>
=== 3.1.3. Technology Migration  ===

The system will be built using Laravel Framework in which will use PHP syntax and SQL for database to create a web portal in order to be easily accessible for the users and stakeholders. In terms of data migration, all the past data such as user details and archived projects can be exported from the artifacts files that can be imported to the database, facilitating a seamless and efficient transition. Once the system is completed, it can be deployed through the APC network.

<span id="project-overview"></span>
== 3.2. Project Overview ==

<span id="project-description"></span>
=== 3.2.1. Project Description  ===

The goal of the project is to create a system that will address the need of a project development office with the problem of project tracking and management together with its students. As a function, the system will include a function that will visually show the progress to track the current flow of the project in which will allow the PDO to monitor everything that has been done to the project so far. With this, the stakeholders will be able to easily follow up the needs of the project development and will make it easier to continue past works that will be involve in the future.

Doing this project will also improve the experience of the stakeholders involve in the project development by providing them with a single collaborative platform that provides tracking system, making it easier for them to track and manage their work. By implementing this system, the PDO will be able to track and monitor the on-going projects efficiently, allowing also the other stakeholders to track every progress made to the projects, from the system.

<span id="goals-and-objectives"></span>
=== 3.2.2. Goals and Objectives  ===

This project aims to improve the process of monitoring existing projects that the project development office handles, which includes the tracking of progress of the said projects. To achieve this, the project specifically addresses the following:

* Develop a progress tracking system that will let the stakeholders monitor the projects.
* Develop a single collaborative platform for accessing all the information for project development, to reduce the use of multiple platforms.

<span id="project-performance"></span>
=== 3.2.3. Project Performance  ===

To evaluate the performance and outcomes of the proposed project for developing a Tracking Activity Project Management system for Asia Pacific College's Project Development Office, the following measures should be considered:

User Adoption:

* Measure the percentage of users actively using the integrated platform.
* Track the number of active users over time to assess adoption trends and user engagement.

User Satisfaction:

* Conduct surveys or gather user feedback to measure satisfaction with the newly developed platform.
* Assess the percentage of users who report that the platform meets their needs.
* Determine the percentage of users who would recommend the platform to others.

Time Saved:

* Compare the time taken to complete tasks using the integrated platform versus using individual tools separately.
* Measure the efficiency gains and time savings achieved through the centralized tracking and management capabilities of the developed system.

Data Accuracy:

* Evaluate the accuracy of data entered the system compared to the individual tools.
* Measure the reduction in errors and improved data integrity resulting from the use of the integrated platform.

Cost Savings:

* Compare the cost of maintaining the integrated platform versus maintaining the individual tools separately.
* Assess the potential cost savings achieved through consolidation and streamlined processes provided by the developed system.

Process Improvement:

* Measure the efficiency and effectiveness of processes using the integrated platform compared to processes using individual tools separately.
* Evaluate the reduction in manual effort, improved collaboration, and streamlined workflows resulting from the implemented system.

By monitoring and evaluating these measures, the project team can assess the performance and outcomes of the Tracking Activity Project Management system. The data collected will provide insights into user adoption, satisfaction, time savings, data accuracy, cost savings, and process improvements. This information will be crucial for identifying areas of success and opportunities for further enhancement to meet the objectives and requirements of the Project Development Office at Asia Pacific College.

<span id="project-assumptions"></span>
=== 3.2.4. Project Assumptions  ===

Here are the preliminary assumptions for the proposed project:

* The system that will be built will only be accessible within the APC network.
* APC has the environment to support the project development, implementation, and maintenance of the system.
* Indirect costs such as utilities (e.g., electricity, internet, office space) are already covered by APC and the client and will not be taken out of the project budget.
* All artifact data can be extracted from the old tools and transitioned to the proposed project.
* This project has the full support of the project sponsor, stakeholders, and all departments. Which means, any necessary approvals or permissions for the project will be obtained in a timely manner.
* The project timeline and budget will remain unchanged throughout the duration of the project.
* The Project Development Office will have the necessary skills and knowledge to adapt to the new system effectively as the Developers will only provide job-aides and documentation to the account’s SME during the transition/training phase.

<span id="project-constraints"></span>
=== 3.2.5. Project Constraints  ===

Below are the preliminary constraints for the proposed project:

* Manpower constraints, such as developers, that has the sufficient knowledge in development to complete the project
* Monetary constraints that the team can use to start the project development.
* Stakeholder constraints, such as clients, must be considered to deliver the expected or desired outcome and address their needs.

<span id="major-project-milestones"></span>
=== 3.2.6. Major Project Milestones  ===

The project has identified the following milestones and deliverables to guide the team's progress:

# Schedule an initial meeting with Mr. Jayvee Cabardo, Director of Project Development in APC to discuss the initial system requirements and assess the status of existing technologies by April 26, 2022.
# Conduct the analysis phase and present the findings to the primary stakeholder no later than May 7, 2022.
# Complete the design phase and present the mockup design to the primary stakeholder by June 1, 2022.
# Test the system with relevant stakeholders who will regularly use the application, ensuring that all requirements are met, and functionality is working as intended. This may involve user acceptance testing and functional testing and should be completed by March 15, 2023.
# Implement the Tracking Activity Project Management system and provide user training to the Project Development Office and other relevant stakeholders by May 1, 2023.
# Conduct a close out meeting and deliver hand-off documents to key stakeholders by June 26, 2023.

<span id="strategic-alignment"></span>
== 3.3. Strategic Alignment  ==

By aligning the Tracking Activity Project Management system with the overall goals and objectives of Asia Pacific College’s Project Development Office, the organization will be able to maximize the value of the project and ensure that it is contributing to the success of the Project Development's Project-Based Learning.

Project Development Office aims to improve the monitoring process of the existing projects.

The system project aligns with this goal by improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the project monitoring and helping enhance the project tracking progress, task completion, and displaying project information. This will enhance the user experience for the faculty, PDO, teachers, and students involved in the projects. By aligning the Tracking Activity Project Management system, the organization will achieve greater efficiency, enhance academic performance, and improve the overall project monitoring and management process. This strategic alignment will lead to successful project outcomes.

Project Development Office aims to enhance the user experience for the target users.

The system project aligns with this goal by facilitating the management and monitoring of PBL projects. It will provide a useful tool for taking on projects like PBL2, which are based on the principles of project-based learning. This alignment will contribute to the overall success of the Project Development's Project-Based Learning approach at Asia Pacific College. It supports the organization's objectives by providing a framework for effective project monitoring, facilitating better collaboration among stakeholders, and ensuring that projects are in line with the institution's vision and goals.

<span id="cost-and-benefit-analysis"></span>
== 3.4 Cost and Benefit Analysis ==

The project will mostly include the cost of developing the software, training, maintenance, contingency and the server that will be used. The benefit side of this project, upon forming the analysis it can improve the delivery of the project, increasing the satisfaction of the client, increasing efficiency, and saving the time on project tracking and reporting. Other benefits include better collaboration and communication with student groups and faculty/teachers, and security and privacy of project information.

Benefits:

* Improved project delivery to streamline project management processes, enabling better planning, organization, and execution ensuring timely completion and meeting client expectations.
* Enhanced efficiency which can handle various project, tracking and reporting tasks, reducing the need for manual effort, and minimizing errors allowing the project team to allocate their time and resources more effectively.
* Better collaboration and communication among student groups, faculty/teachers, and other project stakeholders. It will provide a centralized platform for sharing information, exchanging ideas, and coordinating tasks.
* Improved, security privacy and confidentiality which incorporates security measures to protect project information. This will safeguard sensitive data, ensuring confidentiality and privacy.

Costs:

* In Developing the server total project cost amounts to PHP 62,500 including the cost of training, application, and equipment. As for the overall project cost estimates to be about PHP 656,860
* The maintenance cost of the system would amount to PHP 15,000 per project phase.
* Training cost would amount to PHP 34,560 based on the hourly rate of a team leader, (operations specialist) in the duration of one month to get used to the new role, position, team, manager, business process and company culture.
* The cost for the Server and 12500 for both the Domain name and the Website Hosting annually.

<span id="project-charter"></span>
= 4. Project Charter =

<span id="project-purpose-justification"></span>
== 4.1. Project Purpose Justification ==

<span id="business-need"></span>
=== 4.1.1. Business Need ===

In today's fast-paced business environment, there is a growing demand for efficient and effective project management. The PDO needed to be able to deliver projects on time and within the period to remain concise. Tracking activity project management tools can help organizations meet this demand by improving project visibility, communication, and efficiency.

PDO and Faculty struggle with project management, often due to the number of projects to be handled or seeing a project progress and updates. By implementing tracking activity project management tools, organizations can establish best practices for project management and improve their overall efficiency and productivity.

Advances in technology have made tracking activity project management tools more accessible and affordable than ever before. Cloud-based project management tools, for example, can be accessed from anywhere with an internet connection and provide real-time project status updates, making it easier for teams to collaborate and communicate effectively.

In summary, the Business Need/Case for tracking activity project management is driven by a combination of market demand, organizational need, customer request, and technological advance. By implementing these tools, organizations can improve their project management capabilities, meet customer demands, and stay competitive in the marketplace.

<span id="business-objectives"></span>
=== 4.1.2. Business Objectives ===

The project's business goals directly contribute to the strategic plan of the Project Development Office to improve its capability of tracking internal and external projects and generate reports on time.

* Design a project management system for student groups and faculty members that can also help the PDO to keep track of the projects.
* Implement a collaboration space that can help student groups and faculty members to disseminate files, documents, and ideas

<span id="project-description-1"></span>
== 4.2. Project Description ==

The Asia Pacific College's Project Development Office is facing difficulties in monitoring the status of their internal and external projects efficiently. The lack of a reliable system to track project progress and generate reports promptly has caused delays in project delivery and unmet expectations for industry partners. To address these issues, the project group will develop a website/system that can assist the PDO in monitoring the progress of their projects. The system will have the capacity to provide real-time updates on the status of projects under PBL2 and allow the PDO to manage project expectations efficiently.

<span id="project-objectives"></span>
=== 4.2.1. Project Objectives ===

<blockquote>The project’s main objective is to develop a website/system that will keep the PDO up to date on the status of projects under the Asia Pacific College's Project Based Learning (PBL2).

To achieve this, the group will develop the system with the following intentions:
</blockquote>
* Escalate the PDO's capacity to track projects and generate reports in a timely manner; this needs the design and deployment of software which is planned to complete during PBL1.
* Provide a well-suited collaboration space so that student groups and faculty can disseminate files, ideas, and information between PBL1 and PBL2, assisting in the timely completion of the project.

<span id="success-criteria"></span>
=== 4.2.2. Success Criteria  ===

<blockquote>To ensure the success of the project, the following objectives must be achieved within the designated time and budget allocations:
</blockquote>
* Adoption and Satisfaction: The Project Development Office (PDO) should successfully adopt the new system, and at least 90% satisfaction rate among the PDO members should be attained.
* Reduction of Incorrect Dispatch Procedures: The implementation of the new system should lead to a minimum 50% reduction in incorrect dispatch procedures within the first year.
* Improved Outage Restoration: The new system should contribute to at least a 20% improvement in outage restoration efforts within the first year.
* Cost Savings: The implementation of the new system should result in cost savings exceeding one million pesos in the first year.
* Timely and Within Budget Implementation: The new system should be completed and implemented as per the established timeline and budget specified in the project plan.

<span id="requirements"></span>
=== 4.2.3. Requirements ===

<blockquote>This project must meet the following list of requirements to achieve success.
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote><p>The project management system should be user-friendly and intuitive, with a simple and easy-to-use interface.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The system should allow for easy collaboration and communication among team members, faculty, or teachers, and PDO.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The system should provide real-time data on project progress, projects managed, project details and members.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The system should be secure and provide role-based access to data, ensuring that only authorized individuals can access sensitive project information.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The system should integrate with existing software and tools, including calendar, and document management systems.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The system should allow for customization to meet the PDO’s/faculty specific needs and workflows.</p></blockquote></li></ul>

<span id="constraints"></span>
=== 4.2.4. Constraints ===

<blockquote>There are several constraints that the project manager must consider for this project:
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote><p>People – The project team must be trained and ready for the development of the system, to complete the project on time.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>Budget - The project must be completed within a predefined budget. The project manager must ensure to manage resources effectively and does not exceed the allocated funds.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>Stakeholders - The project manager must consider the expectations and requirements of various stakeholders, such as clients, customers, or regulatory bodies. To ensure that the project delivers the desired outcomes and addresses stakeholder needs.</p></blockquote></li></ul>

<span id="assumptions"></span>
=== 4.2.5. Assumptions ===

<blockquote>The following is a list of assumptions. Upon agreement and signature of this document, all parties acknowledge that these assumptions are true and correct:
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote><p>This project has the full support of the PDO, faculty, and teachers.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>All legacy data can be extracted from the old tools and transitioned to the proposed project.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The project team assumes that the project requirements are clear and well-defined, and that any changes to the requirements will be communicated promptly.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>The project development, system setup, and maintenance are all supported at Asia Pacific College.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>Security and privacy of project data will be prioritized. It will comply with relevant data protection regulations to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of information.</p></blockquote></li></ul>

<span id="preliminary-scope-statement"></span>
=== 4.2.6. Preliminary Scope Statement  ===

<blockquote>The scope of this project is to develop and implement a Tracking Activity Project Management system for PDO, or faculty/teachers. This will involve identifying necessary metrics and tools, developing a project management plan, and implementing the tracking system. The project will require an advisor and team with expertise in project management and software development, as well as access to necessary software tools. The project will be considered complete when the tracking system is successfully implemented, users are able to use and accept the system, and improved project management processes and outcomes are demonstrated. This preliminary scope statement is subject to change as the project undergoes progressive elaboration and additional details are identified.
</blockquote>
<span id="risk"></span>
== 4.3. Risk ==

The project team has identified several high-level risks as being relevant to this project. The project manager will determine and implement the proper risk reduction and avoidance measures, to reduce the likelihood of these hazards:

* Security Risks: Unauthorized access to critical project data runs the risk of causing data breaches or leaks.
* User Adoption and Training: Users, especially team members and project managers, run the risk of having trouble adjusting to and accepting the new system. Inadequate training or resistance to change could lead to lower user acceptance and reduced efficiency.
* Human Error: There is a chance that mistakes will be made by the project team. that might affect the project.
* Integration Challenges: Integrating the new system with the current tools and systems may pose challenges such as compatibility issues, data migration issues, or trouble creating a seamless data flow across different platforms.

<span id="project-key-deliverables"></span>
== 4.4. Project Key Deliverables  ==

Upon successful completion of the project, the following deliverables must be made. The project sponsor's approval is required for any changes to these deliverables:

* Design and implement a collaboration space within the system, enabling student groups and faculty members to seamlessly share files, ideas, and information.
* Implement a functional system with project tracking, collaboration, and reporting features that fulfill the PDO's needs for monitoring internal and external projects.
* A system that allows real-time tracking of project progress, milestones, tasks, and deadlines, providing the PDO with up-to-date project status information.
* Successfully integrate the system with Asia Pacific College's existing systems and tools, facilitating seamless data exchange and minimizing duplication of effort.
* Create comprehensive training materials, including user guides, documentation, and tutorials, to enable effective usage of the system by the PDO, student groups, and faculty members.
* Conduct thorough testing and quality assurance procedures to identify and rectify any issues, ensuring the system is free of bugs or errors and provides reliable user experience.
* Deploy the system to a production environment and provide ongoing technical support and maintenance to address any issues, bug fixes, and updates for the smooth operation of the system.

<span id="summary-milestone-schedule"></span>
== 4.5. Summary Milestone Schedule ==

Presented below is the project Summary Milestone Schedule. This schedule is subject to modification as the requirements become more clearly defined. Any changes will be communicated through project status meetings, led by the project manager.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294871" class="anchor"></span>Table 2: Project Milestone
|-
! Project Milestone
! Target Completion Date
|-
| Project Initiation
| <blockquote>March 30, 2022
</blockquote>
|-
| Analysis Phase
| <blockquote>December 05, 2022
</blockquote>
|-
| Design Phase
| <blockquote>December 12, 2022
</blockquote>
|-
| Development Phase
| <blockquote>January 12, 2023
</blockquote>
|-
| Testing and Implementation Phase
| <blockquote>March 15, 2023
</blockquote>
|-
| Monitoring and Control
| <blockquote>May 1, 2023
</blockquote>
|-
| Project close-out
| <blockquote>June 26, 2023
</blockquote>
|}

<span id="summary-budget"></span>
== 4.6. Summary Budget ==

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294872" class="anchor"></span>Table 3: Summary Budget
|-
! colspan="5"| INITIATION
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Business Analyst
| 207
| 1656*30
| 1
| PHP 49,680
|-
| colspan="5"| PLANNING
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Business Analyst
| 207
| 1656*30
| 1
| PHP 49,680
|-
| colspan="5"| EXECUTION
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 1152*30
| 1
| PHP 34,560
|-
| System Developer
| 214
| 1712*30
| 1
| PHP 51,360
|-
| colspan="5"| CONTROL
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 1152*30
| 1
| PHP 34,560
|-
| System Developer
| 214
| 1712*30
| 1
| PHP 51,360
|-
| colspan="5"| CLOSEOUT
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 1152*30
| 1
| PHP 34,560
|}

<span id="project-approval-requirements"></span>
== 4.7. Project Approval Requirements ==

The Tracking Activity Project Management system will be considered successful when a working system, comprising at least 70% of its intended functionality, has been tested and deemed acceptable for implementation in the Asia Pacific Colleges’ Project Development Office. Once the 70% working system is achieved, the client will receive a recommendation list, enabling them to further enhance and refine the submitted system in terms of both system functionality and potential security threats. Ultimately, the client will evaluate and authorize the completion of the project, thereby determining its success.

<span id="project-manager"></span>
== 4.8 Project Manager  ==

Noreen Keziah Sioco has been appointed as the Project Manager for the Tracking Activity Project Management system. In this role, Ms. Sioco is accountable for overseeing all project tasks, scheduling, and communication related to the Tracking Activity Project Management system. She leads a team consisting of her fellow peers from school. Ms. Sioco will collaborate with the client to address their project requirements effectively. Additionally, she has the authority to approve budget expenditures within the allocated budget amounts. Ms. Sioco is responsible for providing weekly updates to both the Project Sponsor and the client, ensuring regular progress reports are shared.

<span id="project-management-approach"></span>
= 5. Project Management Approach =

The Project Sponsor possesses complete authority to authorize the implementation of plans and any necessary modifications. Conversely, the Project Manager is accountable for overseeing and executing the project in alignment with the established Project Plan. The project team will be composed of individuals from various departments, including administration, product development, and quality assurance.

The Project Manager will collaborate with all available resources to conduct project planning. The project sponsor will thoroughly assess and endorse all project and subsidiary management plans. Additionally, the project sponsor will make all funding decisions. If approval authority is delegated to the project manager, a written agreement signed by both the project sponsor and project manager is required.

<span id="project-technical-support"></span>
= 6. Project Technical Support =

In implementing the Tracking Activity Project Management, our strategic approach is grounded in a comprehensive evaluation of the project's requisites and limitations. Our team will adhere to a meticulously planned and flexible product development methodology, specifically designed to guarantee the punctual delivery of an exceptional product that aligns with the client's envisioned outcomes.

<span id="product-development-methodology"></span>
== 6.1. Product Development Methodology ==

Our product management approach combines elements of both agile and traditional project management frameworks to optimize the development process. By leveraging agile methods like Scrum, we can achieve rapid iterations and incorporate continuous feedback from stakeholders.

Concurrently, we will utilize traditional project management methods such as Waterfall to ensure timely delivery and adherence to budgetary constraints.

The methodology encompasses the following sequential steps:

# Project Initiation: This phase involves identifying the project goals, stakeholders, and overall scope. We establish clear objectives and define the project's initial requirements and constraints.
# Planning: In this stage, we create a comprehensive project plan that outlines tasks, timelines, resource allocation, and communication strategies. The plan serves as a roadmap for the project's execution and guides decision- making throughout.
# Execution: During the execution phase, we carry out the planned activities, develop the product, and implement the necessary processes. Agile practices, like Scrum, enable iterative development, regular team collaboration, and frequent feedback from stakeholders.
# Monitoring and Controlling: Throughout the project, we continually monitor progress, track key performance indicators, and assess adherence to the project plan. By closely managing resources, risks, and dependencies, we can proactively address any issues or deviations.
# Closure: Once the product is developed and meets the specified criteria, we conclude the project. This involves finalizing documentation, conducting final reviews, obtaining client approval, and transitioning the product to the appropriate stakeholders or operational teams.

Throughout the product development life cycle, we emphasize continuous communication with the client to ensure their needs are met and to provide regular updates on project progress. Additionally, we prioritize user experience and design, aiming to create an intuitive and user-friendly product that aligns with customer expectations.

By combining agile and traditional project management approaches, we can leverage the benefits of iterative development, stakeholder collaboration, and efficient project control. This hybrid methodology allows us to deliver high- quality products within specified timelines and budgetary constraints.

<span id="technical-architecture"></span>
== 6.2. Technical Architecture ==

The Tracking Activity Project Management system will be developed using the Laravel Framework, which offers an expressive and elegant syntax and provides various features necessary for building modern web applications. This includes routing, validation, caching, queues, and file storage capabilities.

For the user interface, modern front-end technologies such as Bootstrap will be utilized. This will ensure a responsive and intuitive experience for users. In the back end, a combination of Node.js and PHP syntax will be employed to create a robust and reliable system.

The technical architecture of the project management system follows a client-server model, where the client is a web browser, and the server is the application server. The server-side will be developed and hosted using the XAMPP web server. The application will adhere to the MVC (Model-View-Controller) architecture provided by the Laravel Framework.

The Model component represents the data and business logic of the application. In Laravel, models are PHP classes that interact with the database, defining table structures and providing methods for data querying and manipulation. The View component is responsible for presenting data to users and represents the user interface. Laravel utilizes the Blade templating engine for creating clean and readable templates with dynamic content. The Controller acts as an intermediary between the Model and the View. It handles user requests, interacts with the Model to retrieve or update data, and passes the data to the View for display. Laravel's Controllers are PHP classes that manage the logic of different HTTP requests.

To ensure application security, the technical architecture incorporates Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) Protection. Laravel automatically generates and verifies CSRF tokens for HTML forms submitted to the application. This safeguards against CSRF attacks, where attackers trick users into submitting malicious requests on their behalf.

Scalability is a key consideration in technical architecture. Load balancers, clustering, and other scalability techniques will be implemented to accommodate future growth and expansion.

In summary, the technical architecture of the Tracking Activity Project Management system focuses on robustness, security, and scalability. It leverages the Laravel Framework, modern front-end technologies, and a client-server model to deliver a reliable and efficient application.

<span id="project-management-plan"></span>
= Project Management Plan =

<span id="stakeholders-strategy-management-plan"></span>
== 7.1 Stakeholders Strategy Management Plan ==

<span id="introduction"></span>
=== 7.1.1 Introduction ===

A stakeholder management strategy serves as a cornerstone for project success. Within the context of the current project charter, which empowers the Project Development Office (PDO) of Asia Pacific College to establish a collaborative platform for monitoring, tracking, and generating reports on projects assigned to student groups in collaboration with industry partners, an encompassing stakeholder management strategy is crucial. The PDO endeavors to closely collaborate with project proponents to formulate a comprehensive project plan that encompasses various essential components, including provisions for effective stakeholder management. The overarching objective is to ensure that all stakeholders are not only adequately identified but also actively engaged and proficiently managed throughout the project's entire lifecycle.

<span id="identify-stakeholders"></span>
=== Identify Stakeholders ===

The stakeholders for the project include the following groups:

* Project Development Office (PDO) staff
* Proponents of the project
* Student groups assigned to the project.
* Industry partners
* Project sponsors
* Faculty members
* End-users of the project outcomes

To identify stakeholders, the project team will employ a methodology that involves analyzing the project's goals, objectives, and requirements, and then mapping these to potential stakeholders who may be impacted by the project. The project team will also consult with key stakeholders to identify additional stakeholders and obtain feedback on stakeholder identification. All stakeholders will be defined based on their level of interest, influence, and involvement in the project. Great care and effort will be dedicated to ensuring that all stakeholders are identified and engaged throughout the project's lifecycle.

<span id="key-stakeholders"></span>
=== Key Stakeholders ===

These stakeholders have been identified as key stakeholders because they potentially have the most influence over the project or may be most affected by the project. Additionally, they may be stakeholders who are resistant to the change represented by the project. Due to their significance, these key stakeholders may require more communication and management throughout the project's lifecycle. It is important to identify them to seek their feedback on their desired level of participation and communication to ensure that their concerns are addressed, and their needs are met. This helps to increase stakeholder engagement, improve project outcomes, and increase the likelihood of success.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294873" class="anchor"></span>Table 4: Key Stakeholders
|-
! Name
! Position
! <blockquote>Internal/

External
</blockquote>
! Project Role
! Contact Information
|-
| <blockquote>Jayvee Cabardo
</blockquote>
| Director of Project Development
| <blockquote>Internal
</blockquote>
| Project Sponsor
| [mailto:jayveec@apc.edu.ph <u>jayveec@apc.edu.ph</u>]
|-
| Project Development Office
| Project Development Office
| <blockquote>Internal
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>Internal User of the System
</blockquote>
| -
|-
| APC Faculty
| APC Faculty
| <blockquote>External
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>External User of the System
</blockquote>
| -
|-
| APC Student
| APC Student
| <blockquote>External
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>External User of the System
</blockquote>
| -
|-
| <blockquote>Noreen Keziah Sioco
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>Student at Asia Pacific College
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>External
</blockquote>
| Project Manager
| [mailto:nssioco@student.apc.edu.ph <u>nssioco@student.apc.edu.ph</u>]
|}



<span id="stakeholders-analysis"></span>
=== Stakeholders Analysis ===

To analyze the list of identified stakeholders, the project team will categorize, or group stakeholders based on their level of interest, power, influence, and involvement in the project. This helps to determine the level of impact each stakeholder may have on the project and inform the team's communication and engagement strategies.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294874" class="anchor"></span>Table 5: Stakeholder Analysis 
! NAME
! POWER/INTEREST
! CURRENT ENAGEMENT
! POTENTIAL MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES
|-
| Jayvee Cabardo
| HIGH
| SUPPORTIVE
| <blockquote>Mr. Cabardo can maintain communication with the people inside of the Project

development Office. He has the expertise of handling the projects that are being delivered inside PDO.
</blockquote>
|-
| APC Faculty
| HIGH
| SUPPORTIVE
| <blockquote>APC faculty can foster open communication with the PDO. This is for them to be updated and maintain involvement with the PDO.
</blockquote>
|-
| APC Student
| LOW
| NEUTRAL
| <blockquote>The students will be using the system. They need to be open to change, embracing new technologies, and

being willing to learn and adapt to new situations and challenges.
</blockquote>
|-
| Noreen Keziah Sioco
| LOW
| NEUTRAL
| <blockquote>The individual responsible for overseeing the

project's advancement

is the project manager She promotes teamwork within the team, particularly since they are all students, making it crucial for everyone to actively participate and engage in discussions.
</blockquote>
|}



<span id="scope-management-plan"></span>
== 7.2 Scope Management Plan ==

<span id="introduction-1"></span>
=== 7.2.1 Introduction ===

The success of any project depends on the effective management of its scope. The Tracking Activity Project Management team recognizes the significance of a comprehensive scope management plan in ensuring the project's success. Taking inspiration from the best practices and cutting-edge tools used in the Tracking Activity Project Management system, the team has created a Scope Management Plan that outlines the procedures and strategies that will be employed to define, document, and control the project's scope. By leveraging agile methodologies and real-time collaboration tools, the team aims to deliver a top-notch tracking activity management system that meets the needs and expectations of all stakeholders involved. This document serves as a guide for the team to execute the project successfully while maintaining the project's scope within the predefined limits.

Scope Definition: To define the scope of the Tracking Activity Project Management, the team will undertake the following activities:

* Requirements gathering - A range of methods will be utilized to collect and document the requirements of the system. These will include interviewing stakeholders, organizing focus groups, and using online surveys.
* User stories - The team will develop user stories that outline the system's required functionality from an end-user perspective. The stories will be prioritized according to their business value and will guide the project's development process.
* Scope statement - The scope statement will be developed based on the user stories and requirements gathered. It will provide a high-level overview of the project scope, outlining the deliverables, exclusions, and constraints.
* Scope baseline - The scope baseline will be developed by incorporating the scope statement and user stories into the project management plan. It will be regularly updated to reflect any changes in scope that may arise during the project's progress.

Scope Documentation: To document the scope of the Tracking Activity Project Management, the team will undertake the following activities:

* Requirements documentation - The requirements for the system will be documented in a requirements specification document that outlines the system's functional and non-functional requirements.
* Project management plan - The project management plan will include details about the scope of the project, including the scope statement and the scope baseline. The plan will also cover any other relevant information about the project scope, such as deliverables, exclusions, and constraints.
* Change log - A change log will be maintained to keep track of all changes made to the scope of the project. This log will document the details of the change, its impact on the project, and the required approvals. The change log will be regularly updated to ensure that all changes are captured and appropriately managed.

Scope Control: To manage the scope of the Tracking Activity Project Management, the team will undertake the following activities:

* Scope verification - Agile testing techniques will be employed by the project team to verify that the project deliverables meet the requirements and are consistent with the scope statement.
* Scope change control - Any changes to the project scope will be handled through a formal change control process that includes an assessment of the impact on the project schedule, budget, and quality. This process will ensure that all scope changes are appropriately evaluated and managed.
* Scope change review - Each scope change request will undergo a scope change review to ensure that the proposed change is necessary, feasible, and aligned with the project objectives. This review will involve an evaluation of the change's impact on the project, as well as an assessment of any potential risks and benefits.

<span id="scope-management-approach"></span>
=== 7.2.2 Scope Management Approach ===

# Authority and responsibility for scope management will be held by Noreen Keziah S. Sioco, the project manager of group Abyss. She will closely collaborate with the project sponsor, Mr. Jayvee Cabardo, and other key stakeholders to establish and manage the project's scope.
# The scope of the project will be defined by creating a Scope Statement, Work Breakdown Structure (WBS), WBS Dictionary, and a detailed Statement of Work (SOW). These documents will comprehensively describe the project deliverables, tasks, and requirements, and will be reviewed and endorsed by the project sponsor and other stakeholders before the project work commences.
# The scope of the project will be measured and verified by using quality checklists, work performance measurements, and regular reviews of the project's progress against the scope baseline. Any deviations from the scope baseline will be identified and addressed through the scope change process.
# The scope change process for the Tracking Activity Project Management will require the submission of a scope change request by Mr. Jayvee Cabardo, with final approval granted by the project sponsor. Any changes to the project's scope will be evaluated carefully to ensure that they align with the project's objectives and do not have a negative impact on the project schedule or budget.
# The project's final deliverables will be accepted and approved by the project sponsor and other key stakeholders, with Mr. Jayvee Cabardo being responsible for verifying that all project requirements have been satisfied. Successful completion of the project will be confirmed once all deliverables have been accepted, and any unresolved issues have been resolved.

<span id="roles-and-responsibilities"></span>
=== 7.2.3 Roles and Responsibilities ===

The following roles and responsibilities have been assigned to the team in relation to scope management:

# Project Manager: Is responsible for defining and documenting the scope of the project, as well as controlling and approving scope changes.
# Project team: The project team, consisting of developers, designers, testers, and other relevant personnel, is responsible for verifying the scope of the project, and for raising change requests if necessary.
# Stakeholders: Stakeholders, including customers, end-users, and other interested parties, are responsible for providing input on the requirements and scope of the project, and for approving scope changes as needed.

<span id="scope-definition"></span>
=== 7.2.4 Scope Definition ===

The scope of this project aims to address the issues faced by Mr. Jayvee Cabardo in using multiple tracking systems and checking various projects simultaneously. The project will focus on developing a system that enables Mr. Cabardo and other stakeholders, such as students, teachers, and consultants/advisors, to create and manage multiple student group projects simultaneously. The system will be implemented at Asia Pacific College (APC) and will ensure that projects are completed on time.

<span id="project-scope-statement"></span>
=== 7.2.5 Project Scope Statement ===

The project scope statement for the Tracking Activity Project Management system will detail the project's deliverables and the work necessary to create these deliverables.

Product Scope Description:

The Tracking Activity Project Management System will be a comprehensive online tool that enables project managers to plan and track project activities, including task assignments, timelines, and resource allocation. It will also provide a centralized repository for project documentation and communication, including status reports, change requests, and issue logs. Additionally, the system will include robust reporting capabilities to facilitate progress monitoring and analysis of project performance.

The system will have tools for managing tasks and a calendar feature, along with reporting and analysis capabilities to enable managers to monitor both their own and their team's performance.

Product Acceptance Criteria:

The Tracking Activity Project Management System will be considered complete and accepted by the customer when it meets the following criteria:

# All features and functionalities specified in the product scope description have been developed and tested using the test cases created by the Quality Assurance team.
# The system has been successfully deployed within the Asia Pacific College (APC) environment.
# The system has received positive feedback from users during the User Acceptance Testing (UAT) phase.
# The system has been thoroughly documented and user manuals have been created to provide clear instructions for system use and maintenance.

Project Deliverables:

The following deliverables will be provided upon successful completion of the project:

# Tracking Activity Project Management System with all features and functionalities specified in the Project Scope Description.
# User manuals and training materials to guide the users of the system in its operation.
# Technical documentation to facilitate maintenance and future upgrades of the system.
# Any additional deliverables specified in the Project Scope Description and agreed upon by the Project Sponsor.

Project Exclusions: The following work is explicitly excluded from the scope of this project and will not be included:

# Integration of any other system or software not explicitly mentioned in the project scope statement.
# Customization or alteration of the system beyond the scope specified in the project scope statement.

Project Constraints: The successful completion of the project will be affected by the following constraints:

# A restricted budget that may limit the project's scope and scale.
# Limited availability of resources, including a limited workforce, which may affect the project's timelines and the ability to deliver specific features.

Project Assumptions: The following assumptions have been made regarding the Tracking Activity Project Management System:

# The system will be implemented within the Asia Pacific College (APC) environment and will be accessible to authorized users within the network.
# The developers who will work on this project are equipped with the necessary tools and resources to carry out the project's tasks.
# APC has the necessary infrastructure and resources to support the project development, implementation, and maintenance of the system.
# Indirect costs such as utilities and office space are covered in the contract between APC and the client and will not be taken out of the project budget.
# All relevant data can be extracted from the previous tracking systems and transitioned to the new project management system.
# The project has the full support of the project sponsor, stakeholders, and all departments involved, ensuring that necessary approvals and permissions for the project will be obtained in a timely manner.
# The project timeline and budget are fixed and will remain unchanged throughout the duration of the project.
# Users will have the necessary skills and knowledge to adapt to the new system effectively, and any required training and transition phase will be provided by the project team.

<span id="work-breakdown-structure"></span>
=== 7.2.6 Work Breakdown Structure ===

The Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) is a tool that will be used to divide the project into smaller, more manageable components. This hierarchical representation of the project scope will start with a high-level view of the project and progressively move down to a more detailed view. A companion document to the WBS, known as the WBS Dictionary, will provide detailed information about each component, including deliverables, scope of work, responsibilities, and other relevant information.

By using the WBS and WBS Dictionary, the project team will be able to assign responsibilities for each component of the project, track progress, and ensure that all aspects of the project are accounted for. The WBS and WBS Dictionary will also help to identify and resolve issues and keep the project on track and within scope. The project team recognizes that the WBS and WBS Dictionary are essential tools for managing the project scope and ensuring the project's success.

TASKS:

# Initiation
## Define project goals and objectives.
## Identify project stakeholders and team members.
## Determine project scope and requirements.
## Create project plan and timeline.
## Set up Project Tracking Monitoring System.
# Planning
## Create detailed project plan.
## Define project tasks and milestones.
## Create task board and assign tasks to team members.
## Create project schedule and timeline.
## Create budget and resource plan.
## Identify potential risks and create risk management plan.
## Create communication plan.
## Set up features in Project Tracking Monitoring System.
# Execution

3.1 Implement project plan and complete project tasks.

3.2 Monitor project progress and adjust plan as needed.

3.3 Use Task Board and File Sharing features to collaborate and share information with team members.

3.4 Use Communication features to keep stakeholders informed of project status and progress.

4. Control

4.1 Monitor project progress and performance.

4.2 Use Reporting and Analytics features to track project metrics and performance.

4.3 Adjust project plan and resources as needed to ensure project stays on track.

4.4 Manage potential risks and issues.

4.5 Use Communication to address conflicts or concerns among team members or stakeholders.

5. Closeout

5.1 Complete final project tasks and deliverables

5.2 Review project performance and outcomes

5.3 Use Reporting and Analytics features to generate project reports and lessons learned.

5.4 Archive project files and documents

5.5 Conduct project review meeting with team members and stakeholders to discuss successes and areas for improvement.

5.6 Close out project in Project Tracking Monitoring System

<span id="scope-verification"></span>
=== 7.2.7 Scope Verification ===

To ensure that the deliverables of the Tracking Activity Project Management System project align with the original project scope, the project team will employ various methods for scope verification. These methods will involve:

* Quality checklists: A list of specific requirements for each deliverable to be accepted. The project team will use these checklists to ensure that all deliverables meet the necessary criteria before proceeding.
* Work performance measurements: The project team will monitor and measure the progress of each deliverable during development. This will enable them to identify and resolve any potential issues or deviations from the original scope in a timely manner.
* Scope baseline: The project team will maintain a scope baseline, which is a snapshot of the original project scope. Any modifications to the scope must be documented and approved before they can be implemented. The scope baseline will be utilized to confirm that the final deliverables align with the original scope.
* Formal acceptance: The project sponsor, customer, and other stakeholders will formally accept each deliverable upon completion. This ensures that the project team meets the expectations of all relevant parties — allowing for any necessary feedback or changes to be made promptly.

<span id="scope-control"></span>
=== 7.2.8 Scope Control ===

The scope control process for the Tracking Activity Project Management System project will involve regular reviews of the project's deliverables and progress to ensure that they align with the original project scope as defined in the Project Scope Statement. Any deviations from the scope will be evaluated and, if necessary, changes to the scope will be documented and approved through the established scope change process. The Project Manager will be responsible for monitoring and controlling the project's scope, with assistance from the project team and stakeholders. Periodic reviews of the project's scope will be conducted to ensure that the project remains on track and within the defined boundaries. The project manager will also be responsible for ensuring that any scope changes are properly documented and that all impacted parties are notified of any changes.

The scope control process for the Tracking Activity Project Management System project will involve the following steps for making changes to the scope baseline:

# A scope change request will be initiated by any stakeholder or team member who identifies a need for a change to the scope.
# The scope change request will be reviewed by the Project manager and the Project Sponsor to assess the impact of the change on the project schedule, budget, and resources.
# If the change is deemed low impact, the Project Manager can approve or deny the request. If the change is deemed high impact, the Project manager can approve or deny the request. Any low impact change request approved or denied by the Project Manager can be reviewed and overruled by the Project Sponsor.
# If the request is approved, the Project Manager will create an action plan to proceed with the change, update the scope baseline, and notify all relevant stakeholders of the change.
# If the request is rejected, the project team will continue with the original scope.

<blockquote>It is important to have a formalized process for making changes to the scope baseline to ensure that the Tracking Activity Project Management System project stays on track and within budget. Any changes to the scope should be carefully assessed and approved to avoid scope creeps and keep the project on track.
</blockquote>
<span id="cost-management-plan"></span>
= 7.3 Cost Management Plan  =

<span id="introduction-2"></span>
== 7.3.1 Introduction ==

The Cost Management Plan for Tracking Activity Project Management (TAPM) is to outline the approach that the project team will take to manage costs throughout the project. The plan outlines the methods that will be used to monitor and manage costs, such as budgeting, cost reporting, and cost estimations.

Cost management responsibilities:

* The Project Manager is responsible for developing and implementing the cost management plan.
* The Project Team is responsible for following the cost management plan and reporting any cost increase or problems.

Cost change approval:

* The Business Analyst is in charge with managing information by analyzing and compiling them to address potential issues in the project as well as create solutions.
* The Operational Analyst is responsible for examining the operational needs of the suggested solution and creating an implementation and strategy.
* The System Developer oversees handling the system of the application in case of an error or technical issues encountered in the system.

By adopting these approaches, the project team may efficiently manage expenses for a project that concentrates on TAPM by implementing these measures, ensuring that the project remains on track financially.

<span id="measuring-project-cost"></span>
== 7.3.3 Measuring Project Cost ==

The Project Tracking Monitoring System (TAPM) cost almost nothing and involved the creation of software using Laravel and Visual Studio, as well as GitHub, we will use Man-hours and hourly rate to measure and control our project costs. To estimate the cost of the project based on the given information, you can use the following formula:

''Total Cost = (Hourly Rate * 8 hours) * 30 days''

EXAMPLE:

# Assuming a junior programmer salary of 375 Pesos per hour, the cost of the project can be estimated as follows: Total cost per project phase = Hourly rate * 8 working hours * (Days of work) Total Cost = 3000 * 30 = 90,000 So, the estimated cost of the project based on the project phase duration for the junior programmer salary is 90,000 Pesos.

''Total Cost = (Hourly Rate * (8 hours * Total Working Days))''

The Formula above calculates the overall cost the personnel in the duration of the project cycles. However, please note that this is only an estimate, and the actual cost may vary based on factors such as project complexity, resource utilization, and unforeseen events. To forecast future project costs, we will review cost performance over time and across work packages or schedule activities. This will help us identify any potential cost overruns or deviations from our project plan. By measuring and monitoring our project costs, we can ensure that we stay on track and deliver our project within budget.

<span id="reporting-format"></span>
== 7.3.4 Reporting Format ==

The ideal reporting format at the cost management plan for the Project TAPM would be a financial report using a spreadsheet, excel, or table. This will include all the technical, maintenance, and for the hourly work of each member, information for the project budget that will be incurred.

In addition to that there are format that are easily understandable and helpful for the stakeholders and the project team, reporting is especially needed in seeing how much the expected cost and amount of a project, some helpful infographic can also be used upon reporting. The following formats would be used by TAPM, Executive Summary of the project cost and a Budget Overview of the total cost incurred it as well as infographics to make it presentable such as a bar chart.

<span id="cost-variance-response-process"></span>
== 7.3.5 Cost Variance Response Process ==

Cost variable response for project TAPM is in the following:

* Control Thresholds
** The Control Threshold for the TAPM project is a cost variance of more than 10% or less than -10%. If the project reaches one of these Control Thresholds, a Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan is required.
* Reporting
** the project team must report any cost variances to the Project Manager within two days of detection.
** Options for Corrective Action: Upon escalation, the Project Manager will present the increasing the budget for the project.
*** Reducing scope or quality
*** Revising the project schedule
*** Changing resource allocation –
* Selection of Corrective Action:
** Within three business days from when the Stakeholders selects a corrective action option, the Project Manager will present the Stakeholders with a formal Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan.

* Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan:
** The Cost Variance Corrective Action Plan will detail the actions necessary to bring the project back within budget and how the effectiveness of the actions in the plan will be measured. The plan will include:
*** A description of the corrective actions to be taken
*** A timeline for implementation of the actions
*** A budget for the actions

<span id="cost-change-control-process"></span>
== 7.3.6 Cost Change Control Process ==

The cost change control process for a project that focuses on TAPM includes:

# Identifying and documenting the change - Suggested changes to the budget of the project must be documented on a cost change request form.
# Evaluating the impact of the change - The project team will evaluate the change’s effect on the project’s cost after it has been documented.
# Approving of the change - The change request must be reviewed by the stakeholders, including the project sponsor. After approval, the change must be documented and shared with the project team.
# Updating the project plan - The project plan should be updated to reflect the change after it has been approved.
# Reporting on the cost change - The project team needs to keep updated on the cost of the project and report on any changes.

The cost change control process will be implemented to ensure that any changes that have an impact on the project’s cost are correctly assessed and documented by creating an effective cost change control approach. This can reduce the possibility of excess costs and guarantee that the project is completed within the budget.

<span id="project-budget"></span>
== 7.3.7 Project Budget ==

In the context of the TAPM project, a budget has been developed to ensure that all project costs are accounted for and managed throughout the project's life cycle. This budget will serve as a baseline for monitoring the project's financial performance and ensuring that it remains on track to meet its objectives within the approved budget.

The budget for this project is detailed below. The formula used to find the Total Cost monthly pay is Total Cost = (Hourly Rate * 8) * 30, Costs for this project are presented in various categories

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294875" class="anchor"></span>Table 6 Project Budget
|-
! colspan="5"| INITIATION
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Business Analyst
| 207
| 1656*30
| 1
| PHP 49,680
|-
| colspan="5"| PLANNING
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Business Analyst
| 207
| 1656*30
| 1
| PHP 49,680
|-
| colspan="5"| EXECUTION
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 1152*30
| 1
| PHP 34,560
|-
| System Developer
| 214
| 1712*30
| 1
| PHP 51,360
|-
| colspan="5"| CONTROL
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 1152*30
| 1
| PHP 34,560
|-
| System Developer
| 214
| 1712*30
| 1
| PHP 51,360
|-
| colspan="5"| CLOSEOUT
|-
| Role
| Hourly rate
| Salary * No. of Days
| No. of People
| COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 1824*30
| 1
| PHP 54,720
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 1152*30
| 1
| PHP 34,560
|}

To Calculate the Total cost formula used is ''Total Cost = (Hourly Rate * (8 hours * Total Working Days)).''

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc138294876" class="anchor"></span>Table 7: Total Cost Formula
|-
! Staff
! Hourly Rate
! 8hours *

Working Days

! No. of People
! COST
|-
| Project Manager
| 228
| 8*150
| 1
| PHP 273,600
|-
| Business Analyst
| 207
| 8*60
| 1
| PHP 99,360
|-
| Operation Analyst
| 144
| 8*90
| 1
| PHP 103,680
|-
| System Developer
| 214
| 8*60
| 1
| PHP 102,720
|-
| Sub-total
| PHP 793
| 360
| 5
| PHP 579,360
|}

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847920" class="anchor"></span>Table 8: Web Hosting and Domain Costs
|-
! Item
! COST
|-
| Web Hosting
| PHP 10,000/yr.
|-
| Domain Name
| PHP 2,500/yr.
|-
| Sub-total
| PHP 12,500
|}

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847921" class="anchor"></span>Table 9: Total Costs
|-
! Category
! COST
|-
| Manpower
| PHP 579,360
|-
| Training
| PHP 15,000
|-
| Maintenance
| PHP 50,000 /yr.
|-
| Equipment
| PHP 12,500
|-
| Sub-total
| PHP 656,860
|}

<span id="schedule-management-plan"></span>
== 7.4 Schedule Management Plan ==

<span id="introduction-3"></span>
=== 7.4.1 Introduction ===

Effective schedule management is essential for any project to succeed. The schedule management plan serves as a critical tool for project managers to ensure that projects are completed on time, within budget, and with the required quality standards. The plan outlines the approach, methods, and tools that will be used to develop and manage the project schedule. It defines the roles and responsibilities of the project team members involved in schedule management, and it establishes the procedures for monitoring and controlling schedule progress. In this document, we will provide a general description of the items that should be included in the schedule management plan. These items will be described in more detail in subsequent sections of the plan, where we will outline specific procedures and techniques for managing the project schedule.

<span id="schedule-management-approach"></span>
=== 7.4.2 Schedule Management Approach ===

The project team and allocated resources will carefully adhere to the initial schedule to avoid any delays that could affect the project's critical path. The approval of the project team and assets is necessary for the proposed work package task, activity durations, and overall project timeline. After obtaining the necessary approvals, the project advisor will review, approve, and establish the baseline schedule.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847922" class="anchor"></span>Table 10: Project Milestone
|-
! <blockquote>MILESTONE
</blockquote>
! <blockquote>TIMELINE
</blockquote>
|-
| <blockquote>Finished Documentation
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>1<sup>st</sup> to 2<sup>nd</sup> month
</blockquote>
|-
| <blockquote>Created Framework For System
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>3<sup>rd</sup> to 4<sup>th</sup> month
</blockquote>
|-
| <blockquote>Finished TAPM System
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>5<sup>th</sup> month
</blockquote>
|-
| <blockquote>Tested System in APC
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>5<sup>th</sup> to 6<sup>th</sup> month
</blockquote>
|-
| <blockquote>Finished Project Management Documentation
</blockquote>
| <blockquote>6<sup>th</sup> to 7<sup>th</sup> month
</blockquote>
|}



When modifications are implemented, the plans and baselines will be revised accordingly. Moreover, these revisions will be presented as outputs. The development strategy will have a significant influence on the scheduling approach, evaluation methods, tools, management, and control of the schedule.

<span id="the-following-are-the-roles-and-responsibilities-involved-in-developing-a-schedule"></span>
The following are the roles and responsibilities involved in developing a schedule:

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847923" class="anchor"></span>Table 11: Roles and Responsibilities
|-
! ROLES
! RESPONSIBILITIES
|-
| Project Client
| * Grants approval to the Scope Management Plan.
* Offers a broad outline of the project's scope (as stated in the Project Charter).
* Assesses elevated scope concerns and offers guidance for resolving them.
* Gives consent to significant scope change requests.
* Bears ultimate decision-making authority

|-
| Project Adviser
| * Conducts continuous and impartial evaluation and analysis of project scope management practices.
* Monitors alterations to the scope and offers constructive feedback.
* Gives approval for significant scope change requests.
* Grants approval for all project- related documentation at various stages.

|-
| Project Leader
| * Bears ultimate responsibility for scope management.
* Supervises the creation of the Scope Management Plan.
* Supervises the process of managing scope changes.
* Grants approval for scope change requests within their authorized jurisdiction.
* Raises and addresses escalated scope and change concerns.
* Ensures that scope changes are appropriately integrated into project documents.

|-
| Project Team Members
| * Assists in the development of the project scope statement.
* Submits requests for scope changes.
* Reviews assigned scope change requests.
* Offers feedback as necessary.
* Participates in team-level reviews of scope changes.

|-
| Stakeholders
| * Serve as crucial sources of requirements and scope and are the recipients of project deliverables tied to project benefits.
* Most project deliverables are centered around their business operations, aimed at improving and enhancing their overall business environment.

|}



<span id="schedule-control"></span>
=== 7.4.3 Schedule Control ===

Throughout the project, it is essential to handle the schedule meticulously and efficiently. The project manager assumes the responsibility of overseeing meetings, schedules, project updates, as well as any alterations to the project schedule. Additionally, the project manager ensures that the project client is consistently informed about the project's progress.

On the other hand, the project team is obligated to attend meetings where schedule updates are shared and collaborate on any necessary adjustments to the timetable. Each task completed by project team members should be accompanied by a discussion and presentation of the corresponding percentage of completion to the project team.

<span id="schedule-changes-and-threshold"></span>
=== 7.4.4 Schedule Changes and Threshold  ===

When creating the project schedule, it is crucial for the project sponsor to establish a deadline for project completion or operational readiness. This deadline serves to align the project client's objectives and expectations with the ongoing project. Poor schedule management is one factor that can lead to schedule changes, necessitating plan extensions or modifications. If circumstances arise that could potentially exceed the predetermined limits set by the project sponsor, it becomes necessary for the project manager to submit a schedule change request, which must obtain approval from the project sponsor before implementing the change.

If any of the following situations occur, a schedule change request must be submitted for approval to either the project stakeholder or the project manager, depending on the specific circumstances:

* If a proposed change aims to limit the length of deliverables within a given deadline during the project's development phase, it is important to emphasize that increasing the duration does not equate to extending the work across the entire duration.
* Changes to the scope statement need to be carefully considered to prevent conflicts during the project's documentation phase. If these changes result in a work package expansion of 5% or more, reflecting the updates across all project documentation, a schedule change request must be submitted.
* When an alternative approach suggests either reducing or extending the project's overall timetable by 10% or more, a schedule change request should be initiated.

<span id="scope-change"></span>
=== 7.4.5 Scope Change ===

When a significant problem occurs within the project that necessitates a substantial change in project scope, it is advisable to propose a change, exercising prudence during the process of suggesting and evaluating adjustments. Any member of the project team or the project client has the authority to request changes to the project's scope. To initiate a change request, a project change request document must be submitted to the project advisor, who will review the requested scope change. If the request does not align with the project's goals or schedule, the project advisor may reject it, or a meeting may be scheduled with the project client and team to discuss and assess its impact. Once the project client and advisor have initially approved the scope change, the project manager will communicate it to the entire team, who will then make necessary amendments to relevant paperwork, deliverables, and product backlogs in response to the change.

<span id="staffing-management-plan"></span>
= 7.5 Staffing Management Plan =

<span id="introduction-4"></span>
== 7.5.1. Introduction ==

<blockquote>Any project's success depends on a solid management plan. It helps to ensure that the right people with the correct qualifications are in the right place at the right time and serves as a model for how the project team will be managed and organized. The strategy includes roles and responsibilities, communication procedures, and performance management standards. With the help of this plan, the project manager and project team can manage the project in an efficient manner, making sure that everyone on the team is aware of their duties and responsibilities, that communication is clear and effective, and that performance is tracked and managed in a way that supports the project's success as a whole.
</blockquote>
<span id="roles-and-responsibilities-1"></span>
=== 7.5.2. Roles and Responsibilities  ===

<blockquote>Any project must have a strong management plan in place to be successful. To ensure that everyone is aware of their particular contributions and how they fit into the larger picture, it explains the roles and responsibilities of all project team members and stakeholders. The plan also specifies each team member's level of authority and decision-making capacity, ensuring that resources are distributed and used efficiently. The strategy guarantees that the right people are in the right roles to accomplish project success by explicitly identifying competences and skill needs.
</blockquote>


{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847924" class="anchor"></span>Table 12: Roles and Responsibilities
|-
! Role
! Authority
! Responsibility
! Competency
|-
| Project

Sponsor

| Authorize the business case and budget for the project. offers resources and a clear strategic direction.
| Ensures the success of a project. Provides leadership, support, and guidance throughout the project lifecycle. Assist in updating the company on the status and advantages of the project.
| Ability to successfully communicate with a variety of stakeholders. Strong leadership and strategic thinking abilities. comprehensive knowledge of the organization's mission, objectives, and values.

Possibility of obtaining funding and assistance for the project.

|-
| Project

Manager

| Complete power to make decisions on the project.

can distribute project resources and provide the go-ahead for low-impact adjustments to the project's scope, timetable, and budget.

| Controls and oversee all aspects of the project, including its planning, implementation, monitoring, and closeout.

Make that the project's goals are attained on schedule, within budget, and with the appropriate level of quality.

| Exceptional communication, project management, and leadership abilities. experience in difficult project management.
|-
| Internal

User of the

System<br />
(Abyss Team)

| Employs the system as intended to carry out job tasks.

feedback on the system's performance, usefulness, and usability.

| Utilize the system as intended to complete job tasks.

Check the precision and completeness of the data.

To the project team, report any systemic difficulties and concerns.

Let us know your thoughts on the performance, functionality, and usefulness of the system.

| knowledge about the tasks and activities that the system is being utilized for.

having the knowledge necessary to carry out the prescribed work duties.

basic computer knowledge, including competence with the system.

|-
| External

Users of the

System<br />
(PDO)

| Receives service requests, logs in, and utilizes the system to process them.

changes the status of a service request.

| Monitoring and responding to service requests quickly. Maintain accurate and current data on service request standings. When necessary, communicate with internal stakeholders to finish service requests. Close out service requests that have been fulfilled.
| Understanding of the processes, tools, and resources needed to fulfill service requests.

the capacity to recognize and resolve technological problems. Understanding the significance of keeping the system's data correct and up to date.

|-
|
| Reviews, accepts, or rejects service requests using the system that is accessed and used. Service requests are assigned to internal or external technicians. information on the status and fulfilment of service requests.
| Upon reviewing the requests, decide whether to accept or reject them in accordance with corporate goals and policies.

In accordance with their qualifications and availability, assign service requests to internal or external technicians.

Customers and internal stakeholders should be informed of the status and progress of service requests.

| Understanding of the organization's priorities and policies for service requests.

the capacity to allocate and rank work tasks in accordance with technician expertise and availability.

Recognizing the significance of accurate and prompt reporting on the status and completion of service requests.

|}

<span id="project-organizational-charts"></span>
=== 7.5.3. Project Organizational Charts ===

<blockquote>An organizational chart for a Tracking Activity Project Management system provides a visual representation of the project team's structure and the reporting relationships within the project. It outlines the roles and responsibilities of the team members involved in tracking and monitoring the progress of the project. The chart helps to establish clarity, define accountability, and facilitate effective communication within the project team. At the top of the organizational chart is typically the project sponsor, who serves as the overall champion and provides strategic guidance for the project. Reporting directly to the sponsor is the project manager, who is responsible for overseeing the entire project and ensuring its successful execution. Below the project manager, there may be various functional roles involved in the tracking and monitoring of the project.

https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/71431665-8b85-46af-8515-741139769d34

Figure 1 Project Organizational Chart
</blockquote>
<span id="staffing-management"></span>
=== 7.5.4. Staffing Management ===

<blockquote>Staffing management for Tracking Activity Project Management system involves identifying, acquiring, and managing the right personnel with the necessary skills and expertise to develop, implement, and maintain the system.
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote><p>Assign a skilled project manager who will oversee the entire project, coordinate activities, and ensure that project goals are achieved within the defined scope, budget, and timeline.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>Identify and recruit technical experts who specialize in areas relevant to the Project Tracking and Monitoring System. This may include software developers, database administrators, system analysts, UI/UX designers, and quality assurance testers.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>Determine the level of user support required for the Project Tracking and Monitoring System. This may involve assigning dedicated support staff who can address user queries, provide training, and troubleshoot issues that arise during system usage.</p></blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote><p>Regularly evaluate the performance of the project team members to ensure that they are meeting project expectations and objectives. Provide feedback, support professional development, and address any performance issues that may arise.</p></blockquote></li></ul>

<blockquote>To keep it in line with the goals and needs of the project, the Staffing Management Plan will be periodically reviewed and revised as required. The project manager must carefully examine the rules and specifications that apply to the project in question to see whether any other elements need to be included in the workforce management strategy.
</blockquote>


{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847925" class="anchor"></span>Table 13: Staffing Management
|-
! Role
! Project responsibility
! Skills Required
! Number of Staff
! Performance Reviews
! Recognition and Awards
|-
| Project Manager
| Overall accountability for project success, including meeting project objectives, delivering within budget and timeline, and ensuring stakeholder satisfaction.

Responsible for project planning, execution, monitoring, and control.

Identifying and managing project risks, issues, and changes.

Ensuring effective communication and collaboration among project team members and stakeholders.

Adhering to organizational policies, standards, and methodologies.

| Excellent leadership

Team management skills

Strong communication

Negotiation

Conflict resolution abilities

Risk management

Decision-making skills

Stakeholder management

Relationship building skills

| The number of staff required depends on the project's complexity, scope, and scale.

Assess the specific project requirements and determine the necessary roles and responsibilities.

Consider the expertise needed in areas such as development, testing, design, and support.

The project manager may need additional staff for project coordination, administration, and documentation.

| Successful completion of project deliverables within the defined timeline, budget, and quality standards.

Achievement of project objectives and stakeholder satisfaction.

Effective utilization and management of resources.

Ability to adapt to changing project requirements and mitigate risks.

| Recognition for successful project completion and meeting project objectives.

Acknowledgment of exceptional leadership and management skills.

Awards for successful implementation, innovation, or cost savings achieved through the project.

Recognition for overcoming challenges and delivering exceptional results.

|-
| Project Team Leader
| Lead and manage the project team, ensuring the successful execution of project goals and objectives.

Coordinate and oversee project activities, including planning, resource allocation, and task delegation.

Foster collaboration and effective communication among team members and stakeholders.

| Strong leadership

Team management abilities

Excellent communication

Time management skills

| The required number of staff for a project team leader can vary depending on the project's size, complexity, and scope.

Typically, a project team leader may oversee a team of 5-15 members, but this can vary significantly.

| Conduct regular performance reviews for team members to assess their progress, achievements, and areas for improvement.

Provide constructive feedback and guidance to help team members enhance their performance.

Set performance goals and objectives aligned with the project's objectives and track progress towards them.

| Acknowledge and recognize team members' efforts and achievements through verbal praise and written commendations.

Provide opportunities for team members to showcase their work and achievements to stakeholders and senior management.

Consider nominating exceptional team members for awards and recognition programs within the organization.

|-
| Project Team Member
| Work together with other team members to accomplish project objectives.

Notify the project manager or leader how things are going. Attend project meetings and participate in discussions.

To guarantee that project activities are performed on schedule and within budget, employees must properly manage their time and work.

| Technical expertise: Relevant technical skills and knowledge related to the project domain.

Communication: Strong verbal and written communication skills to effectively collaborate with team members, stakeholders, and clients.

Problem-solving: Ability to analyze and solve problems that arise during project execution.

Time management: Ability to prioritize tasks, meet deadlines, and manage time efficiently.

| The required number of project team members can vary depending on the project's size, complexity, and scope.
| The requirements of the project and the company's regulations will be used to decide the frequency and type of performance evaluations.
| To inspire team members and promote good performance, the project manager or leader will put in place a recognition and incentive system.
|-
| Executive Sponsor
| Providing strategic direction and guidance to the project team.

Ensuring alignment of the project with organizational goals and objectives.

Championing the project and securing necessary resources.

Managing relationships with key stakeholders.

Overseeing the project's progress and intervening as needed.

| Strong leadership and management skills.

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

Strategic thinking and problem-solving abilities.

Knowledge of project management principles and practices.

Ability to influence and negotiate with stakeholders.

| The number of project executive sponsors can vary depending on the size and complexity of the project, as well as the organization's structure.
| Performance reviews for project executive sponsors typically involve evaluating their overall effectiveness in guiding and supporting the project.

Assessments may consider factors such as strategic alignment, stakeholder management, resource allocation, decision-making, and project outcomes.

| Recognizing and awarding project executive sponsors can serve as a way to acknowledge their significant contributions and demonstrate appreciation for their efforts.

Awards can be given based on exceptional leadership, successful project outcomes, effective stakeholder management, or other specific criteria.

|}

<span id="change-management-plan"></span>
== 7.6. Change Management Plan ==

<span id="introduction-5"></span>
=== 7.6.1. Introduction ===

<blockquote>A well-structured plan for managing changes is essential to ensure the successful implementation of any project, such as the Tracking Activity Project Management system. This plan provides a systematic approach to identify, assess, and implement changes that may arise throughout the project. It guarantees that any alterations are thoroughly evaluated, align with the project's scope, and effectively communicated to all stakeholders.

The change management strategy includes a clear process for submitting, evaluating, and approving changes. This process is shared with all stakeholders, who are encouraged to request any modifications they deem necessary. The project team then evaluates these requests, considering their impact on the project's schedule, cost, and quality. Approved changes are executed in a controlled and organized manner, while rejected changes are documented and retained for future reference.

It is crucial to note that making alterations outside of the change management strategy can negatively affect the project's progress and outcome. Therefore, it is essential for all stakeholders to understand and adhere to the change management process. This adherence guarantees that the project stays on track and that any adjustments made contribute to the overall success of the project.
</blockquote>
<span id="change-control-board"></span>
=== 7.6.2. Change Control Board ===

<blockquote>The Change Control Board comprises a specific group of stakeholders who are accountable for approving or rejecting changes related to the Tracking Activity Project Management System. The following table provides a concise overview of each individual who serves on the Change Control Board:
</blockquote>
{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847926" class="anchor"></span>Table 14: Change Control Board
|-
! Change

Control

Board

Role

! Role
! Name
! Contact
! Responsibilities
|-
| Change

Control

Board

Chair

| Project Sponsor
| Jayvee Cabardo
| [mailto:jayveec@apc.edu.ph jayveec@apc.edu.ph]
| Make decisions on whether to authorize or reject significant changes.

Hold the authority to assess low-impact changes and can reverse decisions made by the Project Manager regarding change requests.

|-
| Change Control

Board

Member

| Project

Manager

| Noreen Keziah Sioco
| [mailto:nssioco@apc.edu.ph nssioco@apc.edu.ph]
| Evaluate the extent of impact caused by a change request, categorizing it as either high or low.

Authorize or reject low-impact changes.

Take responsibility for devising an implementation plan for approved change requests. Communicate the necessary steps for implementing the changes. Update the project's plan, budget, and schedule accordingly.

|-
| Change

Control

Board

Member

| Change

Coordinator

| Jose Norberto Verde
| [mailto:jtverde@student.apc.edu.ph jtverde@student.apc.edu.ph]
| Guarantees the effective implementation of the Change Management process.

Takes responsibility for accurately updating the change logs.

Compiles the Change Status Report.

Generates a monthly report that provides an overview of the status of the items listed in the change control logs.

|}



<span id="roles-and-responsibilities-2"></span>
=== 7.6.3. Roles and Responsibilities ===

<blockquote>The table below shows the respective responsibilities of each member of the project that in the change management process:
</blockquote>
{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 15 Change Request Roles and Responsibilities
|-
! Name
! Project Role
! Responsibilities
|-
| Jayvee Cabardo
| Project Sponsor
| Oversee all change requests made throughout the project and ensure that any high-impact requests are promptly addressed.

Monitor the Project Manager's determinations regarding low-impact requests.

Submit a change request if deemed necessary.

Review the change request log and reports to ensure consistency with the implemented changes.

|-
| Project Development Office
| External User of the System
| Submit a change request if deemed necessary.

Review the change request log and reports to ensure consistency with the implemented changes.

|-
| Noreen Keziah Sioco
| Project Manager
| Submit a change request if deemed necessary.

Review the change request log and reports to ensure consistency with the implemented changes.

Conduct an impact analysis for each change request received to distinguish between low-impact and high-impact change requests. This analysis will also assist the Project Sponsor in making decisions regarding high-impact requests.

|-
| Development Team
| Developers
| Carry out the technical aspects of the action plan for implementing the change request.

Evaluate the change request log and reports to verify consistency with the implemented changes.

|}



<span id="change-control-process"></span>
=== 7.6.4. Change Control Process ===

<blockquote>The Change Management process sets forth a systematic and efficient method for managing the submission, coordination, review, evaluation, categorization, and approval of all changes to the project's baselines. The table provided below illustrate the agreed-upon process flow for change requests (CR) within the team.
</blockquote>
{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 16 Change Request Process
|-
! Process Step
! Description
! Change Log Status
|-
| Change Request Submittal
| 1. The individual requesting the change (Requestor) completes and submits the change request form to initiate the request. If the Requestor is unsure about how to properly fill out the form, the Project Manager provides guidance and assistance in completing the Change Request form.
| Submitted
|-
| Analyze Impact of the Change Request
| 1. Upon receiving the change request, the Project Manager evaluates its impact, considering factors such as scope, schedule, budget, and quality. Based on this assessment, the Project Manager determines whether the impact is high or low and identifies the necessary actions for implementation.

2. If the impact of the change request is determined to be high, the Project Manager proceeds to prepare a recommendation for approval or denial based on the findings from the impact analysis. The Project Sponsor then reviews the change request, the Project Manager's impact analysis, and the recommendation. On the other hand, if the impact is low, the Project Manager has the authority to approve or deny the change request.

3. The Change Coordinator is responsible for updating the Change Log and generating a Change Status Report.

| In Review
|-
| Approve or Deny Change Request
| Approval of the change request is dependent on the impact it has on the project:

For low-impact changes:

<ol style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>If the change request is classified as low-impact, the Project Manager has the authority to approve or deny the request.</p>
<ol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;">
<li><p>If approved, the Project Manager proceeds with the &quot;Implement Change Request&quot; phase.</p></li>
<li><p>If denied, the change request is considered closed.</p></li></ol>
</li>
<li><p>The Change Coordinator is responsible for updating the Change Log and generating a Change Status Report.</p></li></ol>

For high-impact changes:

<ol style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>If the change request is categorized as high-impact, the Project Sponsor has the sole authority to approve or deny the request.</p>
<ol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;">
<li><p>If approved, the Project Manager proceeds with the &quot;Implement Change Request&quot; phase.</p></li>
<li><p>If denied, the change request is considered closed.</p></li></ol>
</li>
<li><p>The Change Coordinator updates the Change Log and creates a Change Status Report.</p></li></ol>

| Approved or denied
|-
| Implement Change Request
| 1. Once the change log is updated to &quot;Approved,&quot; the Project Manager proceeds to develop an action plan for implementing the change request.

2. After finalizing the action plan, the Project Manager communicates it to the relevant team members and assigns responsibilities accordingly.

3. The Project Manager then updates the project plan, budget, and schedule as necessary to accommodate the approved change.

4. The Change Coordinator is responsible for updating the Change Log and generating a Change Status Report.

| In Progress
|-
| Verify Implementation of Change Request
| 1. The Project Manager verifies the implementation of the change and reports the status to the Change Control Board.

2. The Change Coordinator updates the Change Log and generates a Change Status Report.

| Verifying
|-
| Change Request Closure
| 1. The Change Coordinator distributes the final Change Status Report to the entire team and stakeholders.
| Closed
|}



<blockquote>In order to monitor the progress of change requests, each step is associated with a specific change request status, as illustrated in the table below:
</blockquote>
{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 17 Change Request Status Description
|-
! Status
! Description
|-
| Submitted
| A change request has been logged by a member of the project development team or key stakeholders and is awaiting review by the Project Manager for impact analysis.
|-
| In Review
| Impact analysis is currently being conducted on the change request.
|-
| Approved
| The change request has been approved and will proceed to the implementation phase.
|-
| Denied
| The change request has been denied and will not be implemented.
|-
| In Progress
| The action plan to execute the change request is currently being implemented.
|-
| Verifying
| The proper implementation of the change request is being reviewed and assessed.
|-
| Closed
| The change request work is considered complete. It has undergone all necessary tests and updates have been released.
|}



<span id="communications-management-plan"></span>
== 7.7. Communications Management Plan ==

<span id="introduction-6"></span>
=== 7.7.1. Introduction  ===

The Communications Management Plan plays a vital role in the Tracking Activity Project Management System by outlining the communication strategy and protocols for the project team and stakeholders. The plan encompasses the following key aspects:

# The plan defines the type of information to be communicated, such as project updates, progress reports, risks, and issues. It also specifies the level of detail and format for communication, whether verbal or written.
# The plan outlines the communication channels to be used, including meetings, email, telephone, web portal, etc. This ensures that stakeholders receive timely and appropriate information.
# The plan establishes the frequency of project communications, both formal and informal, to ensure stakeholders are regularly informed.
# The plan clarifies the roles and responsibilities of team members and stakeholders in terms of communication, specifying who is responsible for disseminating project information.
# The plan identifies the specific communication requirements of stakeholders, considering factors such as language preferences and accessibility.
# The plan allocates resources, such as budget and personnel, to ensure effective and efficient communication.
# The plan defines protocols for communicating sensitive or confidential information, including the authorization process for releasing such information.
# The plan outlines a process for managing changes in communication or the communication process, including proposal, review, and approval. This ensures stakeholders are aware of changes and maintains consistency.
# The plan describes the flow of communication within the project, ensuring information is shared between team members, stakeholders, and partners in a timely manner.
# The plan identifies any internal or external constraints affecting project communication, such as legal or regulatory requirements, and outlines how these constraints will be addressed.
# The plan specifies any required templates, formats, or documents for communicating project information, ensuring consistency and accuracy.
# The plan includes an escalation process for resolving communication-related conflicts or issues promptly.

Overall, the Communications Management Plan is a crucial tool that ensures stakeholders are well-informed and facilitates effective and efficient communication throughout the Tracking Activity Project Management System.

<span id="communication-management-approach"></span>
=== 7.7.2. Communication Management Approach ===

The most effective communications management approach for the Tracking Activity Project Management System would involve a combination of proactive and reactive strategies.

Proactive Strategies:

# Conducting regular meetings to update stakeholders on the project's progress, where the project manager communicates updates, progress reports, risks, and issues. This keeps stakeholders informed and provides an overview of the project's status.
# Creating a dedicated project website or web portal to facilitate easy access to project information, including meeting minutes, documents, and status reports. This allows stakeholders to stay informed and access relevant information conveniently.

Reactive Strategies:

# Establishing a well-defined and concise escalation process to address any communication-based conflicts or issues that may arise. This ensures that conflicts are addressed promptly and effectively, and stakeholders can seek resolution for their concerns.
# The project manager being readily available to stakeholders, offering support, guidance, and promptly addressing any questions or concerns they may have. This availability fosters effective communication and ensures stakeholders feel supported throughout the project.

In addition, a change control process will be implemented to manage any changes in communication or the communication process itself. This involves obtaining approval from the Change Control Board for any communication-related changes and ensuring timely communication to stakeholders about these changes.

By combining these proactive and reactive strategies, the approach ensures that stakeholders and the project team are well-informed, communication-based issues are addressed promptly, and any changes in communication are managed effectively. This approach contributes to efficient and effective project communication and overall project success.

<span id="communication-management-constraints"></span>
=== 7.7.3. Communication Management Constraints ===

The constraints related to communications management in the Tracking Activity Project Management system are essential considerations within the overall project management plan. These constraints outline the limitations and factors that can impact the project's communication processes and strategies. By recognizing and addressing these constraints, the project team can proactively develop solutions to mitigate potential challenges and ensure smooth information flow throughout the project.

The following are key constraints that may impact the project's communication processes:

# The project may have budgetary constraints that limit the allocation of resources for communication tools and resources, such as video conferencing software, project management software, or dedicated communication personnel.
# Certain stakeholders may be geographically dispersed or have limited access to specific communication channels, such as email or the internet. This constraint may require alternative communication methods to ensure effective stakeholder engagement.
# Team members may have conflicting commitments or responsibilities, limiting their availability for communication. Scheduling regular communication meetings and finding suitable time slots can be challenging.
# If team members or stakeholders speak different languages, language barriers can impede effective communication. Additional resources or translation services may be necessary to facilitate smooth communication.
# The project may involve sensitive information that requires adherence to confidentiality protocols and secure communication channels. This constraint necessitates the implementation of appropriate communication measures to protect confidential data.
# Some stakeholders may exhibit resistance to changes in communication processes or tools. Overcoming resistance and fostering acceptance of new communication strategies can be a constraint that requires careful change management efforts.
# Technical difficulties with communication tools, systems, or connectivity can hinder effective communication. Addressing and resolving these technical issues is crucial to ensure smooth communication flow.
# The project's tight deadlines and time-sensitive nature may create challenges in scheduling and conducting regular communication meetings. Efficient time management and concise communication methods can help overcome this constraint.

By recognizing and addressing these constraints, the project team can develop strategies and contingency plans to mitigate their impact and ensure effective communication throughout the Tracking Activity Project Management system.

<span id="stakeholder-communication-requirements"></span>
=== 7.7.4. Stakeholder Communication Requirements ===

The stakeholder communication requirements for the Tracking Activity Project Management system are crucial for ensuring effective and efficient communication throughout the project. These requirements address the specific needs and expectations of stakeholders, enabling the project team to establish a successful communication strategy. The following stakeholder communication requirements can be identified:

# Stakeholders should receive regular updates on the project's progress, including any challenges, milestones, or changes that may impact them.
# All project-related information should be communicated in a clear and concise manner to ensure understanding and avoid confusion.
# Communication should be accessible to all stakeholders, taking into account language requirements, cultural considerations, and any accessibility needs.
# Information should be communicated in a timely manner, ensuring that stakeholders receive relevant updates when needed and allowing them to make informed decisions.
# Sensitive or confidential information should be communicated only to the appropriate stakeholders, following established protocols to maintain confidentiality and security.
# Communication should be tailored to the specific needs and preferences of each stakeholder, considering their level of involvement, roles, and responsibilities in the project.
# Communication should facilitate a two-way exchange of information, encouraging stakeholders to provide feedback, ask questions, and share their perspectives.
# Mechanisms should be established for stakeholders to provide feedback on the communication process, allowing for continuous improvement and addressing any concerns or issues that may arise.

By addressing these stakeholder communication requirements, the project team can foster effective collaboration, manage expectations, and ensure that stakeholders are well-informed and actively engaged throughout the project lifecycle.

<span id="roles"></span>
=== 7.7.5. Roles ===

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 18 Communication Management Roles and Responsibilities
|-
! Roles
! Responsibilities
|-
| Project Sponsor
| This role is held by a high-level executive who provides strategic direction for the project. The Project Sponsor ensures that the Tracking Activity Project Management System aligns with the organization's overall goals and objectives. They provide support, guidance, and decision-making authority throughout the project. They also oversee the system and ensures its alignment with other related projects within the organization. They are responsible for the overall success of the program and provide strategic direction and coordination. The Project Sponsor ensures that the project meets its objectives and delivers the intended benefits.
|-
| Project Manager
| The Project Manager is responsible for the planning, execution, and closure of the Tracking Activity Project Management System. They lead the project team, coordinate activities, and ensure that the project is completed within the defined timeline, budget, and quality standards. The Project Manager manages risks, resources, and stakeholder expectations while maintaining effective communication with all project participants.
|-
| Development Team
| The Development Team consists of individuals responsible for the technical aspects of the Tracking Activity Project Management System. They are involved in system architecture, database design, software development, and other technical aspects. The Development Team ensures that the system meets the required technical specifications, standards, and addresses scalability, security, and reliability requirements.
|-
| Key Stakeholders
| These individuals or groups have a vested interest in the Tracking Activity Project Management System. They may include the PDO, members of the faculty, and the students who rely on the system for their daily operations. Key stakeholders actively participate in project planning, decision-making, and provide input on requirements, priorities, and project outcomes.
|}



<span id="project-team-directory"></span>
=== 7.7.6. Project Team Directory ===

<blockquote>The following table contains the contact details of individuals identified in the communications management plan. The provided email addresses and phone numbers will serve as the means to communicate with these individuals.
</blockquote>
{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 19 Project Team Directory
|-
! Name
! Position
! Internal/

External

! Project Role
! Contact Information
|-
| Jayvee Cabardo
| Director of Project Development
| Internal
| Project Sponsor
| [mailto:jayveec@apc.edu.ph jayveec@apc.edu.ph]
|-
| Noreen Keziah Sioco
| Head of Development Team
| Internal
| Project Manager
| [mailto:nssioco@apc.edu.ph nssioco@apc.edu.ph]
|-
| Project Development Office
| Client
| External
| External User of the System
| -
|-
| Roselle Wednesday Gardon
| Consultant
| External
| External User of the System
| [mailto:roselleg@apc.edu.ph roselleg@apc.edu.ph]
|-
| Team Abyss
| Development Team
| Internal
| Internal User of the System
| -
|}



<span id="communication-methods-and-technologies"></span>
=== 7.7.7. Communication Methods and Technologies ===

To effectively communicate with stakeholders in the Tracking Activity Project Management System, it is crucial to have a comprehensive understanding of various communication methods and technologies. It is important to assess the capabilities and limitations of each method to ensure timely and efficient delivery of information to stakeholders. This involves selecting appropriate methods for sharing project updates, progress reports, risks, issues, and other relevant details. Consideration should also be given to the cost, feasibility, security, and privacy aspects of different communication technologies. By carefully choosing the most suitable methods and technologies, the project team can achieve their communication objectives and keep stakeholders well-informed.

When deciding on the most suitable communication methods and technologies for the Tracking Activity Project Management System, several factors should be taken into account:

* For large and complex projects, utilizing web portals and project management software can centralize information and provide easy access to all stakeholders.
* If stakeholders are geographically dispersed, real-time communication methods like video conferencing and telephone can facilitate effective communication.
* Simple communication methods such as email and telephone are preferable for stakeholders who may not be technologically proficient.
* When dealing with sensitive or confidential data, secure communication methods like encryption and password-protected portals should be used.
* The chosen communication methods and technologies should align with the project's budget and available resources.

Considering these factors, it is advisable for the Tracking Activity Project Management System to employ a combination of communication methods and technologies such as project management software, email, telephone, and video conferencing. This approach ensures that all stakeholders remain informed and that the project's communication objectives are successfully met.

<span id="communications-matrix"></span>
=== 7.7.8. Communications Matrix ===

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 20 Communication Matrix
|-
! Channel
! From
! To
! Type
! Frequency
! Format Used
! Delivery Media
|-
| Project Planning
| Project Manager
| Stakeholders
| Meeting
| Once before the start of the Project
| Formal
| Email
|-
| Release Planning
| Project Manager, Project Team
| Stakeholders
| Meeting
| Once before the start of the Project.

Updated when necessary

| Formal
| Email
|-
| Sprint Planning
| Project Manager
| Project Team
| Meeting
| Once every Week
| Informal
| Teams
|-
| Management Process
| Project Manager, Project Team
| Stakeholders
| Artifact
| Once before the start of the Project.

Updated when necessary

| Written Document
| Email, Teams
|-
| Product Backlog
| Project Manager
| Project Team
| Artifact
| Once every Week
| Written Document
| Teams
|-
| Project Update
| Project Manager
| Project Team
| Meeting
| Once every Week
| Informal
| Teams
|}



<span id="communication-flowchart"></span>
=== 7.7.9. Communication Flowchart ===

https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/20871a82-8f33-4340-9ae5-d892306c8ba3

Figure Communication Flowchart

<span id="guidelines-for-meetings"></span>
=== 7.7.10. Guidelines for Meetings ===

Meetings play a crucial role in facilitating effective communication within the Tracking Activity Project Management System. To ensure their productivity, efficiency, and effectiveness, it is essential to establish clear guidelines for conducting meetings. These guidelines should encompass the following aspects:

# Purpose of meetings: Clearly define the objectives and intended outcomes of each meeting, whether it is to share project updates, make decisions, address issues, or seek input from stakeholders.
# Roles and responsibilities: Outline the roles and responsibilities of attendees, including the project manager, team members, stakeholders, and any specific facilitators or presenters. This ensures that everyone understands their roles and actively contributes to the meeting.
# Meeting procedures: Define the procedures that will be followed during meetings, such as the format, agenda creation and distribution, meeting duration, and rules for participation. This helps establish a structured framework and promotes efficient use of meeting time.
# Preparation and participation: Encourage attendees to come prepared by reviewing pre-meeting materials, bringing relevant information or documents, and actively participating in discussions. Emphasize the importance of active listening, respectful communication, and constructive contributions.
# Documentation and follow-up: Specify the process for documenting meeting minutes, action items, and decisions. Define how these will be shared with attendees and stakeholders, ensuring that everyone has access to accurate and up-to-date information. Assign responsibility for following up on action items and tracking their progress.

By establishing these clear meeting guidelines, the project team and stakeholders can be better prepared, actively engage in discussions, and ensure that meetings are conducted in a consistent and organized manner. This fosters effective communication, minimizes confusion, and enhances the overall success of the Tracking Activity Project Management System.

<span id="communication-standards"></span>
=== 7.7.11. Communication Standards ===

The recommended communication standards for the Tracking Activity Project Management system are as follows:

# Standardized Templates: Creating standardized templates for project communications, such as status reports, meeting agendas, and minutes, promotes consistency and clarity in the information shared among team members and stakeholders.
# File Naming Convention: Establishing a standard file naming convention for project documents and files ensures easy access and organization of information. Consistent naming conventions facilitate efficient searching and retrieval of important project-related documents.
# Web Portal/Network Tool: Utilizing a centralized platform like SharePoint or project management software can enhance communication and collaboration among team members and stakeholders. Such tools provide a common space for sharing documents, updates, and discussions, improving access to information and fostering collaboration.
# Video Conferencing: Leveraging video conferencing tools such as Google Meets, Zoom, Skype, or similar platforms enables effective communication and collaboration, particularly for team members and stakeholders located in different geographic locations. Video conferencing allows for real-time interaction, visual cues, and face-to-face discussions, enhancing communication quality.
# Communication Protocols: Implementing clear communication protocols is crucial, especially when handling sensitive or confidential information. Establishing guidelines on who is authorized to share such information and how it should be shared ensures the protection and privacy of sensitive data.

By implementing these communication standards, the Tracking Activity Project Management system can foster efficient and effective communication, enhance collaboration, and ensure the consistency and security of project-related information.

<span id="communication-escalation-process"></span>
=== 7.7.12. Communication Escalation Process ===

The recommended communication escalation process for the Tracking Activity Project Management system includes the following steps:

# The project team should identify any communication-related issues that require escalation. This could include miscommunication, unresolved conflicts, or significant roadblocks affecting communication flow.
# The team should first make an effort to resolve the issue internally. They should engage in open and constructive discussions, involving relevant team members and stakeholders, in an attempt to find a resolution.
# If the issue persists and cannot be resolved internally, the project team should involve a designated communication manager or a person responsible for communication within the organization. This individual will act as a liaison and provide support in resolving the communication issue.
# If the communication issue remains unresolved, it should be escalated to higher management for further review and intervention. This step involves seeking the assistance and guidance of senior leaders or executives who have the authority to address the issue.
# Throughout the escalation process, it is crucial to document the details of the communication issue, the steps taken to resolve it, and the final resolution. This documentation serves as a reference for future inquiries, provides transparency, and helps identify recurring patterns or areas for improvement.
# After the escalation process, it is important to conduct a review and analysis of the process itself. This involves assessing the effectiveness of the escalation steps, identifying any shortcomings or bottlenecks, and implementing improvements to enhance future communication escalations.

It is essential to note that the communication escalation process should be adaptable and tailored to the specific needs of the project. The project team should regularly evaluate and refine the process to ensure its ongoing effectiveness in addressing communication-related challenges.

<span id="glossary-of-communication-terminology"></span>
=== 7.7.13. Glossary of Communication Terminology ===

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 21 Glossary of Communication Management Terminologies
|-
! Term
! Definition
|-
| Communication Plan
| A document outlining the communication strategy and protocols for the project team and stakeholders.
|-
| Stakeholder
| An individual or organization that has an interest or concern in the project.
|-
| Communication Method
| The means by which information is conveyed, such as meetings, email, telephone, or web portal.
|-
| Communication Frequency
| The regularity with which project communications are distributed.
|-
| Communication Objective
| The desired outcome or goal of a particular communication.
|-
| Communication Flowchart
| A diagram showing the flow of information within a project.
|-
| Escalation Process
| A procedure for resolving communication-based conflicts or issues.
|-
| Communication Matrix
| A table outlining the communication requirements for a project.
|-
| Communication Standards
| Standard templates, formats, or documents used for communicating within a project.
|-
| Communication Constraints
| Factors that may limit or affect the effectiveness of project communications.
|-
| Communication Guidelines
| Protocols for conducting meetings, teleconferences, and other forms of communication.
|-
| Communication Technology
| Tools and platforms used for communication, such as SharePoint, message boards, and video teleconferencing.
|-
| Communication Escalation Process
| A process for escalating communication-based issues or conflicts that cannot be resolved within the project team.
|-
| Communication Approaches
| Different strategies and solutions implemented to address communication constraints, ensuring that all stakeholders are kept informed and that the project's communication objectives are met.
|}



<span id="quality-management-plan"></span>
= 7.8. Quality Management Plan =

<span id="introduction-7"></span>
== 7.8.1. Introduction ==

A research TAPM plan is essential to ensure the successful execution of a research project. This plan will define the strategies, procedures, and tools that will be used to track the progress, manage resources, and ensure the quality of the research activities. It will provide a framework for resolving issues, specifying roles and responsibilities, and ensuring effective communication among team members.

Goals of the research TAPM plan:

* Ensure the research project is executed within the defined timeline and budget.
* Maintain high-quality standards throughout the research process.
* Monitor and track the progress of research activities and milestones.
* Optimize resource allocation and manage risks effectively.
* Foster collaboration and communication among research team members.

The research TAPM plan will include comprehensive guidelines for managing the research project, tracking activities, and reporting progress. It will outline the roles and responsibilities of team members, specify the research methodologies and tools to be used, and establish procedures for data collection, analysis, and dissemination.

<span id="project-management-approach-1"></span>
== 7.8.2. Project Management Approach ==

The research project will adopt a project management approach that combines traditional project management principles with agile methodologies to ensure flexibility and adaptability.

The following are the roles and duties for the TAPM:

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 22: Project Management Approach
|-
! Role
! Description
|-
| Jayvee M. Cabardo
| Project development director oversees the projects progress

and its completion, he also makes sure the project succeeds the stakeholders’ standards.

|-
| Faculty
| The users that will be the using the system and oversee its usability by consultations and see if there are any needed

improvements.

|-
| Noreen Keziah
| Project team leader responsible for creating the project and managing the team, all in order to the enhancement of the

system.

|-
| Project Development

Team

| Responsible to producing the system and better

understanding of the product.

|}

The approach will prioritize the following key aspects:

Project Initiation:

* Clearly define the research objectives, scope, and deliverables.
* Identify the stakeholders and establish effective communication channels.
* Develop a detailed project plan, including timelines, milestones, and resource allocation.

Project Execution:

* Assign roles and responsibilities to team members based on their expertise.
* Conduct regular project meetings to review progress, address issues, and track milestones.
* Employ project management tools and techniques to monitor activities, timelines, and budget such as MS teams and excel.
* Foster collaboration and effective communication among team members.

Risk Management:

* Identify potential risks and develop contingency plans to mitigate them.
* Regularly assess and monitor risks throughout the research project.
* Implement strategies to minimize risks and address issues promptly.

Quality Assurance:

* Establish quality criteria and standards for research activities and outputs.
* Conduct regular quality checks and reviews to ensure adherence to standards.
* Implement procedures for data validation, analysis, and interpretation.
* Seek feedback from stakeholders to continuously improve research quality.

<span id="quality-requirements-standards"></span>
== 7.8.3. Quality Requirements / Standards ==

The research project will utilize various tools and techniques for tracking and managing project activities effectively. These include:

Research Plan:

* Develop a detailed research plan that outlines the objectives, methodology, and timelines.
* Specify the research activities, milestones, and dependencies.
* Assign responsibilities and set deadlines for each activity.

Project Management Tools:

* Utilize project management software to track project progress, timelines, and resources.
* Create Gantt charts, task lists, and dashboards to visualize and monitor project activities.
* Implement a centralized document management system to store and share research materials.

Regular Monitoring and Reporting:

* Conduct regular progress reviews to track the status of research activities and milestones.
* Generate progress reports, including key findings, challenges, and next steps.
* Communicate research updates and outcomes to stakeholders through meetings and reports.

Collaboration and Communication:

* Foster effective communication and collaboration among team members
* Utilize collaborative platforms and tools for sharing information, documents, and feedback.
* Conduct regular team meetings, ensuring open communication and knowledge exchange.

<span id="quality-assurance"></span>
== 7.8.4 Quality Assurance ==

The research project will implement quality control and assurance measures to ensure the validity and reliability of research findings. These include:

Data Collection and Analysis:

* Develop standardized procedures for data collection, ensuring accuracy and consistency.
* Implement rigorous data validation techniques and quality checks.
* Utilize appropriate statistical methods for data analysis and interpretation.

Peer Review and Validation:

* Encourage peer review and collaboration among researchers.
* Seek feedback and input from subject matter experts to validate research outcomes.
* Follow ethical guidelines and protocols for research integrity.

Continuous Improvement:

* Regularly assess the research processes and outcomes for potential improvements.
* Implement feedback mechanisms to collect input from stakeholders.
* Learn from previous research iterations and apply lessons to future projects.

By following this research TAPM plan, you will have a structured approach to effectively track and manage your research project, ensuring its successful completion and maintaining high-quality standards throughout the process.

<span id="quality-control"></span>
== 7.8.5. Quality Control ==

To ensure the quality of the research project and adherence to quality standards, the following quality control measurement will be implemented:

Data Accuracy

Validate data sources and ensure the accuracy of data collected for research. Perform data validation checks and cross-reference data from multiple sources. Implement data cleaning and verification procedures to minimize errors.

Methodology Compliance:

Ensure that the research methodology is followed accurately and consistently. Conduct periodic reviews to ensure adherence to the planned methodology. Document any deviations from the original methodology and provide justifications.

Peer Review:

Implement a peer review process for critical research outputs, such as papers or reports. Engage subject matter experts and peers to review and provide feedback on the research. Incorporate suggestions and improvements from the peer review process.

Quality Assurance Checks:

Conduct regular quality assurance checks to assess the quality of research outputs. Review research findings, analyses, and interpretations for accuracy and consistency. Verify the consistency of research methodologies and data analysis techniques used. Document Control:

Establish a document control system to manage research documentation and versions. Ensure proper versioning, document access controls, and change management processes. Maintain a central repository for research materials and ensure proper organization.

Stakeholder Feedback:

Seek feedback from stakeholders, such as advisors, sponsors, or collaborators. Encourage open communication channels to gather feedback on research progress. Incorporate stakeholder feedback to improve research quality and address concerns. Continuous Improvement:

Regularly assess the research process to identify areas for improvement. Analyze past research projects to learn from successes and challenges. Implement lessons learned to enhance future research projects.

By implementing these quality control measures, the research project will ensure the accuracy, reliability, and validity of research outcomes. Regular checks and feedback loops will help identify and address any potential issues, leading to improved research quality and increased stakeholder satisfaction.

<span id="risk-management-plan"></span>
= 7.9. Risk Management Plan =

<span id="introduction-8"></span>
== 7.9.1. Introduction ==

The Tracking Activity and Project Management (TAPM) project is aimed at implementing an efficient system for managing and tracking activities and projects within an organization. The project's goal is to streamline processes, improve collaboration, and enhance overall productivity. As an integral part of the TAPM project, the risk management plan aims to identify, assess, and mitigate potential risks that could impact the successful implementation and operation of the system. By proactively managing risks, the project team can ensure that potential obstacles are addressed, and the project objectives are achieved within the defined scope, budget, and timeline.

This risk management plan will provide an overview of the risk management process, define the roles and responsibilities of the project team in risk management activities, and outline the approach for identifying and assessing risks. The plan will also detail the strategies for mitigating risks and the activities for monitoring and controlling risks throughout the project's life cycle. The success of the plan will be measured by the team's ability to identify and mitigate risks effectively, ensuring the smooth implementation and operation of the TAPM system.

Cost management responsibilities:

Before risk management begins it is imperative that a foundation is established for providing structured project information, thus, the following project elements were completed and defined prior to developing this Risk Management Plan:

Scope, Schedule, and Cost Management Plan must first be established to include:

* Estimation of TAPM Project cost and finalization of budget.
* Established Performance Metric System
* Identify the Work Modules of the TAPM Project
* Identify the available Resources for the Project.
* Established a Work Schedule relative to the Work Modules.
* Developer Project WBS/WBS Dictionary. Define the scope and limitation of the following:
* Schedule Management Plan
* Cost Management Plan
* Quality Management Plan
* Stakeholder Management Plan

Define Risk Management Roles and Responsibilities

* Project Manager schedules the risk assessment meetings.
* Project team participates in risk assessment meetings and members serve as meeting recorder and timekeeper.
* Key stakeholders participate in risk assessment meetings.
* Project Adviser may participate in risk assessment meetings.

<span id="top-three-risk"></span>
== 7.9.2. Top three risk ==

The TAPM project's top three risks are:

# Security Vulnerabilities: The TAPM project involves the migration of data from existing systems to the new system, which introduces a risk to data security. The system utilizes a PHP-based framework, and if not implemented correctly, it may be vulnerable to security breaches. Improper handling or inadequate security measures could lead to unauthorized access, data breaches, and loss of sensitive information.
# User Adoption and Training: Users that will manage TAPM may struggle to adopt the new system or lack the necessary skills and knowledge to use it effectively due to inadequate training programs or resistance to change. This can result in low user acceptance, reduced productivity, and potential errors in system usage.
# System Integration: The TAPM system will have to be integrated with APC systems which may pose a risk such as compatibility issues, data migration issues, communication failures. These issues can lead to delays in project timelines, loss or corruption of data, and compromised system functionality.

<span id="risk-management-approach"></span>
== 7.9.3. Risk Management Approach ==

The risk analysis regarding information systems that Project Team have taken approach to manage risk for this project which the Project Management identified and ranked the various risks. The risk management process will involve all stakeholders and foster a collaborative environment by conductive scheduled meeting regularly. Before the completion of the project, during the closing process, the project manager will analyze the risk as well as the process to it. Based on the analysis, the project manager will identify any improvements that can be added to the risk management process for the Project Client to know.

<span id="risk-identification"></span>
== 7.9.4. Risk Identification ==

Through a comprehensive risk identification process, the potential risks associated with the TAPM project have been identified. The risk identification activities involved program security, User manual and training for the system, human error, and lastly system integration.

Program Security

* Lead programmer simulates or test the application TAPM in order to identify any errors and possible problems that may occur in order to find a solution and avoid delay.

User Manual and Training for the system

* User might have Insufficient user adoption and inadequate training therefore project team’s preparation for user training and manual about the system will be essential.

Human Error

* Factors such as lack of training, distractions, or misunderstandings can contribute to human errors causing delays in the project

System Integration

* Incompatibility and communication issues during system integration between APC systems and TAPM systems therefore testing is done by system developer.

<span id="risk-qualification-and-prioritization"></span>
== 7.9.5. Risk Qualification and Prioritization ==

Each team leader must discuss the status of their members about work assigned to them, what are the issues that they encounter, what solutions they need to work on, and what they will do for the day.

<span id="risk-monitoring"></span>
== 7.9.6. Risk Monitoring ==

To implement this plan, the project manager will incorporate high-scoring risks into the project schedule and assign a risk manager responsible for their monitoring. The risk manager will assess when risks require close attention and provide updates at project team meetings. Tracking risk trigger conditions will also be the responsibility of the risk manager.

Additionally, the project manager will ensure that the project team is aware of identified risks and their potential impact on the project. The project team will be encouraged to inform the risk manager of any new risks or changes to existing risks, which will be assessed and prioritized accordingly.

During weekly team meetings, the risk manager will report on the status of identified risks, any new risks, and the effectiveness of mitigation plans. Any necessary changes to the risk management plan will be made collaboratively with the project team.

In conclusion, the project team will implement an agile risk management methodology that emphasizes ongoing improvement and flexibility. The effectiveness of the risk management plan will be regularly assessed and adjusted as needed to ensure the project's objectives and quality standards are achieved.

<span id="risk-mitigation-and-avoidance"></span>
== 7.9.7. Risk Mitigation and Avoidance ==

The project manager ensures to aid team leader in developing and improving responses to each identified risk. As more risks are identified, if the risk is qualified based on the metric established, the team must respond to develop avoidance and mitigation strategies to the risk. The identified risk will also be added to the risk register or in the table and the project plan to ensure that they are monitored when the work involves those risks.

The risk for the TAPM will be managed and controlled within the constraints of schedule, authority, and budget cost. All identified risks will be analyzed to determine how the risk will impact the time, scope, cost. The project manager, with the assistance of the project team will determine the efficient way to deal with each risk to ensure that everything goes according to plan. There will be cases where it will be necessary to allow the project to extend its budget cost. If only necessary to allow the TAPM Project for more resources to meet the deadline and requirements of the stakeholders.

<span id="risk-register"></span>
== 7.9.8. Risk Register ==

To effectively manage risks in the TAPM project, a comprehensive risk register will be maintained throughout the project. This register will include a detailed explanation of each risk, its likelihood, potential impacts, and any mitigation measures that have been implemented. Regular reviews and updates of the risk register will ensure its accuracy and relevance. Access to the risk register will be provided to all stakeholders and it will be stored in a centralized location.

The identified risk in the risk register, each risk has been classified and added to the project plan. When the work module contains a risk—prior to when the risk is going to occur the project manager will assign a leader to ensure adherence to the agreed mitigation strategy. Each assigned leader will provide the status of the risk relevant to their group in their daily project meeting.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 23: Risk Register
|-
! Risk ID
! Risk Rank
! Risk Description
! Category
! Destination/Owner
! Probability
! Impact
! Status
|-
| RID001
| 1
| Data Security and unauthorized access
| Security
| System Developer
| High
| High
| In progress
|-
| RID002
| 2
| User training and manual for systems
| Organizational
| Project Manager
| Medium
| Medium
| In progress
|-
| RID003
| 3
| Human error potential for mistakes, oversights, or incorrect actions
| Human
| Project Team
| Medium
| Medium
| In progress
|-
| RID004
| 4
| System compatibility and data synchronization
| Technical
| System Developer
| High
| High
| In progress
|}

<span id="procurement-plan"></span>
= 7.10. Procurement Plan =

<span id="introduction-9"></span>
== 7.10.1. Introduction ==

The Procurement Management Plan for the TAPM project outlines the procurement requirements and processes, ensuring timely and cost-effective procurement of necessary items while maintaining quality standards. It includes procurement justification, contract types, risk mitigation strategies, supplier evaluation, and aligns procurement with project scope, budget, and schedule. The plan also establishes performance metrics and promotes stakeholder involvement for efficient procurement management.

<span id="procurement-risk-management"></span>
== 7.10.2. Procurement Risk management ==

# Identification of Procurement Risks for TAPM

<blockquote>To effectively manage procurement risks in the Tracking Activity and Project Management (TAPM) system, the following potential risks have been identified:
</blockquote>
* Unforeseen increases in the cost of technology infrastructure and software
* Delays in the delivery or implementation of the TAPM system
* Insufficient technology solutions
* Inadequate terms and conditions for technology services
* Misalignment of the stakeholders’ goals with the objectives of the TAPM system
* Inaccurate estimates of project costs and timelines for technology implementation
* Insufficient qualifications or expertise of technology

<ol start="2" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Assessment and Prioritization of Risks</p></li></ol>

<blockquote>The identified procurement risks for TAPM will be further assessed and prioritized based on their potential impact on the project. The assessment will involve evaluating the likelihood and severity of each risk, considering their potential consequences for project functionality, budget, and schedule.
</blockquote>
<ol start="3" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Mitigation Strategies</p></li></ol>

<blockquote>Appropriate mitigation strategies will be developed for each identified risk. These strategies may include:
</blockquote>
# Conducting thorough team evaluations and due diligence to assess their financial stability, expertise, and track record in implementing similar technology solutions.
# Developing detailed and comprehensive contracts that clearly outline project deliverables, performance standards, and dispute resolution mechanisms.
# Implementing a strong framework to monitor performance and ensure compliance.
# Regularly reviewing and updating project cost and timeline estimates to account for potential technology-related risks and changes.
# Establishing backup plans and alternative technology solutions to minimize disruptions in case of project delays.

<ol start="4" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Implementation and Monitoring</p></li></ol>

<blockquote>The procurement risk mitigation strategies will be implemented and monitored throughout the project's lifecycle. The project team will regularly assess the effectiveness of the strategies and make necessary adjustments as new risks arise or existing risks evolve.
</blockquote>
By actively managing procurement risks, the Tracking Activity and Project Management (TAPM) project aims to minimize potential disruptions, ensure timely and cost-effective procurement, and enhance overall project success.

<span id="cost-determination"></span>
== 7.10.3. Cost Determination  ==

In the Track Activity Project Management (TAPM) project, the implementation of a cost determination process is crucial for effective project management. This process will be utilized to ensure the selection of competent and cost-effective solutions that align with the project's objectives. The cost determination process will involve gathering equipment price, hourly rate, or research about similar projects in response to the project requirements.

The project team will thoroughly analyze all costs associated with the project, including procurement, implementation, training, maintenance, and any potential cost overruns. By prioritizing cost as a key decision criterion, the team aims to maintain transparency and fairness throughout the selection process.

Multiple stakeholders, such as client, project manager, project development team and advisor, will collaborate in the cost determination process. Their collective expertise will ensure accurate cost assessment and vigilant monitoring of the project budget.

To streamline the cost determination process in TAPM, standardized procurement templates and documents will be utilized. This approach guarantees consistent and accurate cost calculations across all procurement activities, enhancing efficiency and reliability. Additionally, the project team will establish performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of the cost determination process in procurement activities.

The cost determination section within the TAPM project's management plan plays a pivotal role in achieving successful project completion within budgetary constraints. By consistently measuring and monitoring project costs, the team can identify any potential cost overruns or deviations from the project plan, enabling proactive decision-making and effective cost management.

<span id="procurement-constraints"></span>
== 7.10.4. Procurement Constraints ==

The following constraints must be considered as part of the Track Activity Project Management (TAPM) project's procurement management process:

# Schedule Constraints:

The TAPM project has a strict deadline, and all procurement activities must be completed within the designated timeframe. Any delays in procurement activities could impact on the overall project timeline and potentially delay its completion. The procurement process should be planned and executed in a manner that ensures timely delivery of goods and services.

<ol start="2" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Budget Constraints:</p></li></ol>

The TAPM project has a predetermined budget that must be adhered to during the procurement process. All procurement activities should be planned and managed in a cost-effective manner to ensure that the project stays within the allocated budget. It is essential to consider the costs associated with procurement, including procurement fees, implementation costs, maintenance costs, and potential cost overruns.

<ol start="3" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Technology Constraints:</p></li></ol>

The TAPM project has specific technological requirements that must be taken into account during the procurement process. s or suppliers must possess the necessary technical capabilities and expertise to provide the required products or services. It is crucial to evaluate the compatibility of s' solutions with the project's technological infrastructure and ensure that they meet the project's technical specifications and standards.

<ol start="4" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>User Selection Constraints:</p></li></ol>

The procurement process for the TAPM project must comply with the organization's selection policies and procedures. Project team must meet specific criteria, such as past performance, financial stability, and adherence to industry regulations, to be considered for the project. It is important to conduct a thorough evaluation of potential user to ensure their competence and ability to meet the project's objectives.

<ol start="5" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Resource Constraints:</p></li></ol>

The procurement process must consider the availability of internal resources, such as personnel and expertise, to ensure that procurement activities can be executed efficiently and effectively. The project team should assess the capacity and capabilities of internal resources to handle procurement tasks and allocate resources accordingly. It is important to balance resource utilization to avoid overburdening key team members while ensuring that procurement activities are adequately supported.

These constraints must be considered throughout the procurement process to ensure that the TAPM project's requirements are met within the project's timeline and budgetary constraints. Adhering to these constraints will help maintain project efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and successful completion.

<span id="contract-approval-process"></span>
== 7.10.5. Contract Approval Process ==

The contract approval process for the Track Activity Project Management (TAPM) project will follow a formal and structured approach to ensure timely and efficient approval of all contracts. The process will be in line with the policies and procedures of the organization and will include the following steps:

# Contract Initiation

The Project Manager will initiate the contract process by submitting a procurement request through the designated system, such as Workday. The request will provide the necessary details, such as the scope of work, deliverables, and budgetary requirements.

<ol start="2" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Contract Planning</p></li></ol>

Upon receiving the procurement request, the Procurement Officer will develop a procurement plan. The plan will outline the type of contract to be used, the evaluation criteria for selection, and the timelines for various procurement activities. This plan will ensure that the contract approval process aligns with the project's objectives and requirements.

<ol start="3" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Contract Development</p></li></ol>

Once the procurement plan is approved, the Procurement Officer will proceed with developing the contract documents. This includes drafting the Statement of Work (SOW), defining the terms and conditions, and establishing the pricing schedule. The contract documents will be prepared in accordance with the organization's standard templates and legal requirements.

<ol start="4" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Contract Review</p></li></ol>

The contract documents will undergo a thorough review by the legal department to ensure compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and organizational policies. The legal review will assess the contractual terms, intellectual property rights, liability provisions, and any other legal considerations. Any necessary revisions or amendments will be made to ensure legal compliance.

<ol start="5" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Contract Approval</p></li></ol>

The contract documents, along with the legal review findings, will be submitted to the Contract Review Committee for approval. The Committee will consist of representatives from the Project Management team, the Procurement Officer, and the Legal Department. The Committee will evaluate the contracts based on the predefined evaluation criteria, such as price, quality, delivery schedule, and experience. They will assess the contract's alignment with the project's objectives and select the best value option.

<ol start="6" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Contract Execution</p></li></ol>

Once the contract has received approval from the Contract Review Committee, the Procurement Officer will proceed with executing the contract. This includes sending the finalized contract to the selected and issuing a purchase order through the designated system, such as Workday. The contract execution process will ensure that all necessary documentation is in place and that the project team is officially engaged for the project.

<ol start="7" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Contract Monitoring</p></li></ol>

Throughout the project's duration, the Project Manager will closely monitor the team performance to ensure adherence to the contract terms. The Procurement Officer will also monitor the contract to verify that all deliverables are being met and payments are made in accordance with the agreed-upon terms and schedule. Any issues or disputes that arise during the contract period will be addressed and resolved in a timely manner.

The contract approval process will provide an objective evaluation of contracts, ensuring the selection of the best value option while complying with legal requirements. It will contribute to effective contract management and facilitate successful project execution within the defined constraints.

<span id="decision-criteria"></span>
== 7.10.6. Decision Criteria ==

For the Track Activity Project Management (TAPM) project, the contract review board will use the following decision criteria to evaluate:

* Technical Capability: Project team must demonstrate their technical skills and capabilities to successfully complete the project. This includes having relevant experience in similar projects and expertise in the required technologies. The board will assess the 's technical qualifications, certifications, and their ability to meet the project's technical requirements.
* Schedule: Project team must demonstrate their ability to meet the project's timeline and deliverables. The board will assess the Project team proposed project schedule, including key milestones and completion dates. Timely delivery and adherence to the project timeline are essential for the successful execution of the project.
* Quality: Project team must have a proven track record of delivering high-quality solutions and services. The board will consider references and testimonials from previous clients, as well as the 's reputation in the industry. The 's commitment to quality assurance, quality control processes, and adherence to industry standards will be evaluated.
* Risk Management: Project team must demonstrate a solid understanding of potential risks associated with the project and have plans in place to mitigate them. The board will evaluate the risk management approach, including their identification, assessment, and mitigation strategies for project and procurement risks. The Project team ability to proactively manage and address risks will be assessed.
* Sustainability: The Project team proposed solution should consider environmental, social, and economic sustainability factors. The stakeholders will assess the commitment to sustainable practices, such as the use of eco-friendly materials, energy efficiency, waste management, and supporting student education. The Project team alignment with the APC sustainability goals and initiatives will be considered.
* Compliance: Project team must comply with all legal, regulatory, and contractual requirements. The board will evaluate the 's compliance with intellectual property rights, data privacy, security standards, and any specific legal or regulatory obligations. The Project team commitment to maintaining data confidentiality and security will be assessed.

The contract review board will carefully evaluate all proposals based on these decision criteria. They will consider the strengths and weaknesses of each and select the one that best meets the project's needs, objectives, and overall value proposition.

<span id="performance-metrics-for-procurement-activities"></span>
== 7.10.7. Performance Metrics for Procurement Activities ==

The performance metrics for procurement activities in the TAPM project:

* System Performance Rating: Evaluate system based on effectiveness ease of use, quality, responsiveness, and communication, using a rating scale.
* Procurement Cycle Time: Measure the time taken to complete the procurement process from request to delivery by calculating the average time spent on each stage.
* Cost Variance: Compare actual procurement costs to planned costs and express the difference as a percentage.

These metrics help evaluate system performance, measure procurement efficiency, assess cost variations, and ensure completion of project. Monitoring these metrics enables continuous improvement and informed decision-making in the procurement process.

<span id="implementation-plan"></span>
= 7.11 Implementation Plan =

<span id="executive-summary-1"></span>
== 7.11.1 Executive Summary ==

The Tracking Activity Project Management System is nearing completion, and as part of wrapping up the project, a plan has been created to smoothly transfer the system to its new owner. This plan gives a general outline of the transition process, including the current state of the system, and how it will be handed over to the new owner. The goal is to provide a clear and concise summary of the transition, making it easier for everyone involved to understand and follow.

The Tracking Activity Project Management System was developed by Group Abyss in collaboration with the client to help him check multiple projects at the same time. The system was used by the developers for the past year to achieve the project objectives.

The system is currently working well and fully functional. We have tested and verified that all the required features are working properly. As we transition out of the project, our goal is to provide the client with all the documents and support they need to effectively manage and maintain the system on their own. The developers want to make sure they have everything necessary to handle the system smoothly.

To ensure that the client has a thorough understanding of the system, all project deliverables - including technical documentation and source code – will be given to them.

The project’s transition out plan contains a thorough timeline with an emphasis on a seamless and smooth transfer of ownership. The execution phase of the transition plan, we will focus on two main activities: suer training and go-live. During the closeout phase of the transition plan, we will write down what we have learned, update files, store important documents, and have a final meeting to wrap things up. Throughout the transition, the transition team will collaborate closely to ensure a smooth handover to the client without causing any project disruptions. The team comprises roles such as the Project Manager, Project Technical Lead, and Project Team Members. By doing so, the project team aims to guarantee a successful and seamless transfer of responsibilities while maintaining the project’s quality standards.

Overall, the goal of the transition plan is to guarantee that the client obtains a system that is fully operational and can be sustained successfully. Additionally, our group aims to conclude the project on a positive and satisfactory note.

<span id="transition-approach"></span>
== 7.11.2 Transition Approach ==

The approach for the Transition Out plan for the Tracking Activity System will be a phased transition approach, given the importance of maintaining continuity and minimizing disruptions to ongoing operations, it is crucial to ensure a smooth and seamless transition process. By adopting this approach, we enable a gradual and phased transfer of knowledge, resources, and responsibility to the new team. This helps reduce the potential for downtime and interruptions in service.

The following steps will be part of the transition strategy:

<ol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;">
<li><p>Transition Planning: The transition strategy will be created alongside the project team, and it will contain a thorough schedule of all tasks that must be completed throughout the transition period.</p></li>
<li><p>Communication Plan: The communication strategy will guarantee that all parties involved understand the transition plan, deadlines, and expectations.</p></li></ol>

<span id="timeline"></span>
Timeline:

<blockquote>The plan for transitioning out of this project consists of a comprehensive timetable of essential activities needed to effectively move away from the client. The transition plan is structured into two main stages: execution and closeout. The execution phase of the project includes user training and go-live events, after the final defense presentation. The closeout phase involves documenting lessons learned, updating files, and having a final meeting to wrap things up.
</blockquote>
<span id="assumptions-1"></span>
Assumptions:

<blockquote>The following assumptions will be made for the transition approach:
</blockquote>
<ol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;">
<li><p>The client will be present either on-site or through an online meeting to actively engage in the transition process and receive knowledge transfer.</p></li>
<li><p>The project team will provide clients with all essential documentation, instruction, and source code to help in knowledge transfer.</p></li></ol>

<span id="transition-team-organization"></span>
== 7.11.3 Transition Team Organization ==

<span id="roles-and-responsibilities-3"></span>
Roles and Responsibilities:

# Project Manager: Responsible for overseeing the transition team, ensuring that all transition activities are completed on time, maintaining effective communication and coordination with the client, and ensuring that the transition plan is followed.
# Developers/Technical Lead: Responsible for offering their technical expertise for the project. They collaborate closely with the project team to comprehend the system. Accountable for coordinating with the new owner to facilitate a seamless transfer of technical knowledge and expertise during the transition process.
# Project Team Members: Responsible for providing valuable support by sharing their knowledge and expertise regarding the system. They will closely collaborate with the project manager, developers, and client to facilitate a seamless transfer of knowledge and expertise during the transition.
# Project Sponsor: Make decisions on whether to authorize or reject significant changes. Hold the authority to assess low-impact changes and can reverse decisions made by the Project Manager regarding change requests.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ <span id="_Toc136847927" class="anchor"></span>Table 24: Transition Team Organization
|-
! Roles
! Responsibilities
|-
| Project Manager
| Responsible for overseeing the transition team, ensuring that all transition activities are completed on time, maintaining effective communication and coordination with the client, and ensuring that the transition plan is followed.
|-
| Developers/Technical Lead
| Responsible for offering their technical expertise for the project. They collaborate closely with the project team to comprehend the system. Accountable for coordinating with the new owner to facilitate a seamless transfer of technical knowledge and expertise during the transition process.
|-
| Project Team Members
| Responsible for providing valuable support by sharing their knowledge and expertise regarding the system. They will closely collaborate with the project manager, developers, and client to facilitate a seamless transfer of knowledge and expertise during the transition.
|-
| Project Sponsor
| Make decisions on whether to authorize or reject significant changes. Hold the authority to assess low-impact changes and can reverse decisions made by the Project Manager regarding change requests.
|}

<span id="workforce-transition"></span>
== 7.11.4 Workforce Transition ==

The workforce plan is a crucial element of the transition strategy for the Tracking Activity Project Management System. To ensure a seamless and effective transition, it is vital to identify and communicate the plan for the workforce in a timely manner. The Project Manager will work closely with the client, who is the new owner, to determine the best course of action for the workforce.

Effective communication will play a vital role in this process since it is crucial to keep the workforce well-informed about any changes in a prompt and respectful manner. The Project Manager will collaborate closely with the developers/technical lead, and project members to ensure they are fully aware of their choices and receive the required assistance throughout the transition process.

Furthermore, appropriate training or re-training will be offered to guarantee that the workforce possesses the necessary skills to consistently deliver exceptional services throughout and following the transition phase. The workforce transition plan will be periodically assessed and modified as needed to ensure the project’s timely and budget-compliant completion.

<span id="workforce-execution-during-transition"></span>
Workforce Execution During Transition

Throughout the transition phase of the Tracking Activity Project Management System, there are several tasks that will still need to be carried out. These tasks include:

* User Training: During this period, it will be necessary to create and provide training materials to educate users about the system. The training sessions are anticipated to span three days and will incorporate a combination of classroom-based instruction and practical, hands-on training.
* Go Live: This phase will mark the official implementation of the system. The team will be responsible for verifying the proper functioning of all systems before making the system accessible to users. This process will involve conducting final system tests and ensuring accurate migration of all data.
* Document Lessons Learned: During this phase, the focus will be on documenting the valuable insights gained throughout the project. This includes identifying both successful aspects and areas that require improvement within the team’s performance.
* Update Files: In this phase, the team will have the responsibility of ensuring that all relevant files are updated to reflect the project’s completion.
* Project Close Out Meeting: The concluding phase of the transition will entail a project closeout meeting with the client. This meeting will provide a chance to review the project, areas for enhancement, and the resolution of pending issues.

<span id="subcontracts"></span>
== 7.11.5 Subcontracts ==

As there are no current contracts or subcontract agreements associated with this project, there is no need for a transition or transfer of any contractual obligations or related agreements.

<span id="property-transition"></span>
Property Transition

# Government Furnished Equipment (GFE)

Given that there is no utilization of Government Furnished Equipment in the Tracking Activity Project Management System, this specific section of the transition does not apply.

<ol start="2" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Incumbent Owned Equipment</p></li></ol>

<blockquote>It is crucial to clearly specify the equipment that belongs to the current owner and will remain in their possession. In case any equipment is required to support the client’s applications and services, the plan should indicate whether the new owner has the choice to acquire or utilize it. Also, the plan should outline a schedule for the transfer of ownership and include any necessary documentation such as agreements for it.
</blockquote>
<ol start="3" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Intellectual Property</p></li></ol>

<blockquote>In the transition phase of the Tracking Activity Project Management System, it is vital to address the management of intellectual property to facilitate the seamless transfer of all relevant documents, original designs, or plans. The handling of intellectual property involves various legal considerations and may involve the implementation of non-disclosure agreements between the current owner and the client.

To ensure the appropriate management of intellectual property during the transition, the following measures will be implemented:
</blockquote>
# Identification of all relevant intellectual property:

<blockquote>Ensuring the property handling of intellectual property during the transition is to identify all relevant intellectual property associated with the project. This includes, but is not limited to documents, software code, and any proprietary information or trade secrets.
</blockquote>
2. Negotiation of new agreements:

<blockquote>If there are any discrepancies or gaps in the existing agreements, the transition plan will involve negotiating new agreements between the current owner and client. The purpose of these negotiations will be to establish clear ownership and facilitate the proper transfer of all intellectual property assets.
</blockquote>
3. Protection of intellectual property:

<blockquote>Throughout the transition period, the protection of intellectual property will be ensured by implementing non-disclosure agreements and employing other legal measures. These steps will safeguard the confidentiality and security of intellectual property assets.
</blockquote>
4. Transfer of intellectual property:

<blockquote>Once the transition process is finalized, the transfer of all relevant intellectual property will take place, in accordance with the contractual agreements in effect. This transfer may involve transferring the intellectual property to the new owner or retaining it with the incumbent, based on the established contractual arrangements.
</blockquote>
Adhering to these steps will enable the Tracking Activity Project Management System to achieve a seamless and secure transition of all intellectual property associated with the project.

<ol start="4" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>User Accounts and Passwords</p></li></ol>

To effectively execute the transition plan for the Tracking Activity Project Management System, it is crucial to focus on the transfer of user accounts and passwords. The following outlines the steps and considerations involved in this aspect of the property transition:

# User Account Inventory

* The initial step is to develop a thorough inventory encompassing all user accounts and their corresponding privileges. This inventory should encompass both internal and external users, including system administrators, faculties, project development directors, and end users.

<ol start="2" style="list-style-type: decimal;">
<li><p>Password Security</p></li></ol>

* Safeguarding security throughout the transition is paramount, and this involves resetting or disabling all user passwords during the process. This measure prevents unauthorized access to the system and its data. Before the transition takes place, users should be informed to change their passwords to a temporary one that will be provided to them.

<span id="knowledge-transfer"></span>
== 7.11.6 Knowledge Transfer ==

Documentation:

* The project team will provide the client with the necessary documentation.
* The documentation provided will encompass a project overview, technical specifications, and additional relevant information. These materials aim to enhance the client’s understanding of the system and how it works.

Training:

* The project team will personally conduct training sessions with the client to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the system and its operational process.
* The client will be provided with access to materials and resources to support their ongoing development of knowledge and skills pertaining to the system.

<span id="schedule"></span>
== 7.11.7 Schedule  ==

https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/5bf35d68-7711-497e-b023-a4e34c2bc411

https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/ff734034-6129-4dee-884c-475a6b12016d

<span id="handover-and-acceptance"></span>
== 7.11.8 Handover and Acceptance ==

The handover and acceptance process will commence once the transition plan is finalized, incorporating all essential documentation and deliverables. Subsequently, the project team will arrange a formal meeting with the project sponsor to conduct a thorough review of the transition plan, verifying the fulfillment of all requirements.

At the handover meeting, the project team will present the project sponsor with the finalized transition plan, along with all necessary documentation and deliverables. The project sponsor will thoroughly examine the materials and engage in discussions regarding any unresolved matters or concerns.

Upon resolving all outstanding issues, the project sponsor will proceed to sign the formal acceptance document, signifying the successful completion of the handover process. This acceptance document will include a comprehensive checklist of all necessary deliverables and documentation, accompanied by the signatures of all who have reviewed and endorsed the materials.

The handover and acceptance section will also include a delineation of the procedure for addressing and resolving any remaining issues or concerns that may emerge following the handover's completion.

<span id="appendices"></span>
= 8. Appendices =

<span id="project-cost-summary"></span>
== 8.1 Project Cost Summary ==

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Item
! COST
|-
| Web Hosting
| PHP 10,000/yr.
|-
| Domain Name
| PHP 2,500/yr.
|-
| Sub-total
| PHP 12,500
|}

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Category
! COST
|-
| Manpower
| PHP 579,360
|-
| Training
| PHP 15,000
|-
| Maintenance
| PHP 50,000 /yr.
|-
| Equipment
| PHP 12,500
|-
| Sub-total
| PHP 656,860
|}

Table :Project Cost Summary

<span id="project-methodology"></span>
= 8.2 Project Methodology =

https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/e5be4242-7507-4eb2-aa7d-067a3589d2fa

<span id="system-requirements-specification"></span>
= 8.3 System Requirements Specification =

<span id="system-requirements-for-development"></span>
=== 8.3.1 System Requirements for Development ===

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! SOFTWARE
! SPECIFICATIONS
|-
| Operating System
| Windows 8 or later (32/64 bit)
|-
| Visual Studio Code
| Version: 1.37.1
|-
| Browser
| Chrome (Windows version: 80.0.3987.87, macOS

Version: 80.0.3987.87, Linux version: 80.0.3987.87, Android version: 80.0.3987.87, iOS version: 80.3987.88

Firefox (Standard Desktop version: 72.0.2, Extended Support version: 68.4.2, iOS Mobile version:22.0, Android Mobile Version: 68.4.2)

Safari (macOS Laptops and Desktops version: 13.0, iOS iPhone, iPad and iPod version 13.0)

Internet Explorer (Windows 10* version: 11.0, Windows version: 8.1, Windows RT version: 8.1, Windows version: 8, Windows RT version:10.0, Windows 7 version: 11.0, Windows Vista version: 9.0, Windows XP version: 8.0)

|-
| XAMPP
| Version: 7.4.1
|-
| Laravel
| Version: 5.8
|-
| Github
| Version: 2.3.1
|}

<span id="system-requirements-for-deployment"></span>
== 8.3.2 System Requirements for Deployment ==

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! SOFTWARE
! SPECIFICATIONS
|-
| Operating System
| Windows 7 or later (32/64 bit)
|-
| Browser
| Chrome (Windows version: 80.0.3987.87, macOS version: 80.0.3787.87, Linux version: 80.0.3987.87, Android version: 80.0.3987.87, iOS version: 80.0.3987.88)

Firefox (Standard Desktop version: 72.0.2, Extended Support version: 68.4.2, iOS Mobile version:22.0, Android Mobile Version: 68.4.2)

Safari (macOS Laptops and Desktops version: 13.0, iOS iPhone, iPad and iPod version 13.0)

Internet Explorer (Windows 10* version: 11.0, Windows version: 8.1, Windows RT version: 8.1, Windows version: 8, Windows RT version:10.0, Windows 7 version: 11.0, Windows Vista version: 9.0, Windows XP version: 8.0)

|}

<span id="development-tools-specification"></span>
== 8.4 Development Tools Specification ==

<span id="development-tools-specification-1"></span>
=== 8.4.1 Development Tools Specification ===

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! HARDWARE
! SPECIFICATIONS
|-
|
| Processor – dual core @ 2.4 GHz (i5 or i7 Intel processor or equivalent AMD), 64 bits
|-
| RAM 8gb
|
|-
| Free disk space – 1gb
|
|-
| With access to Wi-Fi or LAN
|
|-
| Internet Connection
| At least 5mbps
|-
| At least 4gb/LTE connection
|
|}

<span id="deployment-tools-specification"></span>
=== 8.4.2 Deployment Tools Specification ===

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! HARDWARE
! SPECIFICATIONS
|-
| PC or laptop
| Processor – dual core @ 2.4 GHz (i5 or i7 Intel processor or equivalent AMD), 64 bits
|-
| RAM – 4gb recommended
|
|-
| Free disk space – 1gb
|
|-
| With access to Wi-Fi or LAN
|
|-
| Internet Connection
| At least 5mbps
|-
| Preferably DSL
|
|-
| Unlimited plan
|
|}

<span id="wbs-dictionary"></span>
== 8.5 WBS Dictionary ==

https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/97003583/a1cae41f-765c-462a-a582-4dff6c2a32ab

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Level
! WBS Code
! Element Name
! Definition
|-
| 1
| 1
| Tracking Activity Project Management
| All work to implement a Tracking Activity Management System
|-
| 2
| 1.1
| Initiation
| The work to initiate the

project.

|-
| 3
| 1.1.1
| Define project goals and objectives
| Working group to evaluate solution and set goals to achieve.
|-
| 3
| 1.1.2
| Identify project stakeholders and team members
| List the stakeholders of the project and who will be the team members.
|-
| 3
| 1.1.3
| Determine project scope and requirements
| Project Scope and Requirements will be determined by the Team in order to set limits for the project.
|-
| 3
| 1.1.4
| Create project plan and timeline
| Base the plan on the project goals to be achieved.
|-
| 3
| 1.1.5
| Set up Project Tracking Monitoring System
| The team will start to gather all the needed documents, data, and tools to start developing Tracking Activity Project Management.
|-
| 2
| 1.2
| Planning
| The work for the planning

process for the project

|-
| 3
| 1.2.1
| Create detailed project plan
| Outlining tasks, milestones, resources, and timelines for successful project execution.
|-
| 3
| 1.2.2
| Define project tasks and milestones
| Establish a clear and specific breakdown of project activities and significant markers of effectivity track progress and ensure successful project compilation.
|-
| 3
| 1.2.3
| Create task board and assign tasks to team members
| Setting a visual for task management and delegating specific assignments to team members to enhance collaboration and streamlined workflow.
|-
| 3
| 1.2.4
| Create project schedule and timeline
| Constructing a well-organized and time-bound project schedule, outlining key activities and deadlines, to facilitate efficient project planning and execution.
|-
| 3
| 1.2.5
| Create budget and resource plan
| Developing a comprehensive financial framework and allocation of resources to manage project costs and optimize resource utilization effectively.
|-
| 3
| 1.2.6
| Identify potential risks and create risk management plan
| Thoroughly assess and analyze potential risks and devise a comprehensive plan to proactively mitigate and manage them throughout the project lifecycle.
|-
| 3
| 1.2.7
| Create communication plan
| Planning a structured communication strategy to establish effective channels, guidelines, and frequency for seamless information exchange and collaboration among project stakeholders
|-
| 3
| 1.2.8
| Set up features in Project Tracking Monitoring System
| Configure and enable essential functionalities within the Project Tracking Monitoring System to accurately monitor project progress, track milestones, and effectively manage tasks and resources.
|-
| 2
| 1.3
| Execution
| Work involved to execute the

project.

|-
| 3
| 1.3.1
| Implement project plan and complete project tasks
| Execute the project plan by actively carrying out assigned tasks and successfully completing project deliverables within the established timelines and quality standards.
|-
| 3
| 1.3.2
| Monitor project progress and adjust plan as needed
| Evaluating key performance indicators and adapt the project plan as necessary to ensure optimal progress and alignment with project objectives.
|-
| 3
| 1.3.3
| Use task board and file sharing features to collaborate and share information with team members
| Utilizing task board and file sharing features within the collaboration platform to foster seamless communication, promote teamwork, and facilitate efficient information sharing among team members.
|-
| 2
| 1.4
| Control
| The work involved for the

control process of the

project.

Throughout the

project

|-
| 3
| 1.4.1
| Monitor project progress and performance
| Continuously monitor and assess project progress and performance, leveraging key metrics and indicators, to ensure timely identification of issues, effective resource allocation, and overall project success.
|-
| 3
| 1.4.2
| Use reporting and analytics features to track project metrics and performance
| Enabling data-driven insights and informed decision-making for project optimization.
|-
| 3
| 1.4.3
| Adjust project plan and resources as needed to ensure project stays on track
| Continuously evaluate and refine the project plan and resource allocation to proactively maintain project progress and alignment with establishment goals, making necessary adjustments as requirement.
|-
| 3
| 1.4.4
| Manage potential risks and issues
| Proactively handle project risks and issues by identifying, assessing, and implementing mitigation strategies to ensure smooth project progress.
|-
| 3
| 1.4.5
| Use communication to address conflicts or concerns among team members or stakeholders
| Resolve conflicts and concerns among team members and stakeholders through effective communication.
|-
| 2
| 1.5
| Closeout
| The work to close-out the

project.

|-
| 3
| 1.5.1
| Complete final project tasks and deliverables
| Successfully accomplish the final project tasks and deliverables, ensuring all requirements are met and delivering a high-quality result.
|-
| 3
| 1.5.2
| Review project performance and outcome
| Review project performance and outcomes for insights and improvement.
|-
| 3
| 1.5.3
| Use reporting and analytics features to generate project reports and lessons learned
| Generate project reports and extract lessons learned using reporting and analytics features.
|-
| 3
| 1.5.4
| Archived project files and documents
| Organize and store project files and documents in an archived format for future reference and easy retrieval when needed.
|-
| 3
| 1.5.5
| Conduct project review meeting with team members and stakeholders to discuss successes and areas for improvement
| Conduct project review meeting to discuss successes and improvement.
|-
| 3
| 1.5.6
| Close out project in Project Tracking Monitoring System
| Complete project closure within the Project Tracking Monitoring System to finalize and formally conclude all project-related activities.
|}
