= Project Title =
<b><font size="5"><p style="text-align:center">SMARTBOOKS: Optimizing Book and eBook Acquisition and Utilization in Asia Pacific College Library</p></font></b>

= Project Members =
== Project Professor ==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
                <td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

== Project Adviser == 

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jayvee Cabardo</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jayveec@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

== Project Team ==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Sim Paul N. Palacio</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">snpalacio@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>

</table>
<br />

= Company Profile =
<p> Asia Pacific College Library established a vision to provide a holistic learning experience to its students, the library plays a crucial role in supporting the academic endeavors of the college. With a vast collection of books, scholarly journals, and digital resources, the library serves as a hub of knowledge and research for students, faculty, and staff. </p>

<p> The Asia Pacific College Library is embracing technological advancements by adopting SmartBooks, an innovative solution for optimizing book and eBook acquisition and utilization. This decision reflects the library's commitment to providing cutting-edge resources and services to enhance the learning experience. SmartBooks revolutionizes how students access educational materials by offering features like usage pattern analysis and personalized recommendations. By analyzing students' reading habits and preferences, the library can improve collection development strategies and provide a seamless digital reading experience. The adoption of SmartBooks aligns with the library's mission to create a dynamic learning environment and ensure students have access to relevant and engaging educational resources. </p>

= Business Case =
== Executive Summary ==

<p> The purpose of this business case is to optimize the book and eBook acquisition process for APC by making informed decisions about which materials to purchase for student use. The project addresses the challenges of limited resources and the cost associated with acquiring books/ebooks. By analyzing usage patterns and incorporating reliable reviews, APC aims to maximize the value of its budget while providing students with high-quality, relevant resources. The project's objectives include improving cost efficiency, leveraging data for decision-making, and optimizing resource allocation. By achieving these objectives, APC can enhance the learning experience, support academic success, and ensure the effective utilization of resources within the APC community. </p>

== Issue ==

<p> The primary issue being addressed by the Smartbooks project is the need for APC to optimize its book and eBook acquisition process. The project aims to address the challenge of efficiently determining which books and eBooks to purchase for student use while considering the associated costs involved in acquiring these materials. By implementing the Smartbooks project, APC seeks to enhance the decision-making process and ensure that the library invests in the most relevant and beneficial resources for its students. </p>

== Anticipated Outcomes ==

<p> The Smartbooks project aims to achieve several outcomes for APC and its students. It seeks to optimize costs by making informed decisions about which books and eBooks to acquire, ensuring the best value for money. Additionally, the project aims to improve student access to relevant resources and enhance the overall learning experience. By leveraging data and feedback, the project enables better decision making and efficient allocation of library resources. </p>

== Recommendation ==

<p> The proposed project, SmartBooks, aims to optimize book and ebook acquisition and utilization in the Asia Pacific College Library, addressing the current challenges and improving resource management. The manual process for library book management has resulted in low resource utilization, which necessitates a more efficient approach. By implementing an automated library management system, tracking usage patterns, and identifying popular titles. This system will enhance overall library management and resource availability. </p> 

<p> To achieve these outcomes, the project will follow a phased approach, including activities such as identifying relevant library materials, designing, and implementing the automated library management system, providing employee training, and conducting comprehensive evaluation. The project is expected to be completed within six months, with a budget of ₱350,000 allocated for the library management system, employee training, and necessary hardware and software upgrades. Success will be measured based on the achievement of project objectives and stakeholder satisfaction. </p>

== Justification ==

<p> In order to improve the organization's low utilization of library resources, the suggested SmartBooks initiative should be put into action. It was chosen over the other options because it offers a cost-effective solution that will increase employees' access to and availability of resources, resulting in increased production and efficiency. Without putting the initiative into action, the organization will continue to have low library book utilization, which will have a negative effect on employee performance and obstruct the accomplishment of organizational objectives. Additionally, the organization can make a profit on the SmartBooks project because the potential financial gains outweigh the costs. </p> 

== Business Case Analysis Team ==

<p> The SmartBooks project team consists of key roles including the project sponsor, stakeholders, project manager, system developers, and data analyst. The project sponsor provides overall guidance and resources, while stakeholders contribute their input and requirements. The project manager ensures smooth operations, while system developers create the automated library SmartBooks system. The data analyst analyzes usage patterns and provides valuable insights. Together, this team ensures the successful implementation and analysis of the SmartBooks project. </p> 

== Problem Definition ==
<h3> Problem Statement </h3>

<p> The Asia Pacific College Library faces challenges in acquiring and providing access to relevant books and eBooks that meet the needs of its students efficiently and cost-effectively. The current process of determining which materials to purchase lacks effectiveness and cost optimization. As a result, there is a need for an improved approach to identify and acquire books and eBooks that align with the students' requirements and maximize their usage. By addressing these challenges, the library can enhance its ability to serve the educational needs of students and faculty effectively. <p> 

<h3> Organizational Impact </h3> 

<p> The SmartBooks project is expected to have several organizational impacts on Asia Pacific College. These impacts include: </p>

<ul> 

<li> <b> Enhanced Resource Utilization: </b> By optimizing book and eBook acquisition, the project will lead to improved resource utilization within the college library. The identification of popular titles and tracking usage patterns will ensure that resources align with student and faculty needs, maximizing their utilization and reducing waste. </li>
<li> <b> Cost Savings: </b> Through better resource management and optimized acquisition, the project will generate cost savings for the college. By investing in materials that are in high demand and avoiding unnecessary purchases, APC can allocate its budget more efficiently, resulting in reduced expenditures on books and eBooks. </li>
<li> <b> Improved Learning Experience: </b> The SmartBooks project aims to provide students with access to relevant and engaging books and eBooks that complement their curriculum. This will enhance the overall learning experience, as students will have access to high-quality resources that support their studies, research, and academic success. </li>

</ul>

<h3> Technology Migration </h3>

<p> The goal of the technology migration is to enable a more efficient library management system for optimized book and eBook acquisition at the Asia Pacific College Library. The technology migration for the SmartBooks project involves the following steps: </p>

<ol> 

<li> <b> Assess current technology: </b> Evaluate the existing technology infrastructure in the college library, including the library management system and associated hardware and software components, to understand the starting point for the migration process. </li> 
<li> <b> Identify system requirements: </b> Determine the specific needs and functionalities required for the new automated library management system, considering factors such as user interface, book location and borrowing features, usage tracking, and reporting capabilities. </li> 
<li> <b> Design and develop the new system: </b> Create a user-friendly interface and develop the automated library management system based on the identified requirements, ensuring that it aligns with the goals of the project and addresses the challenges faced by the library. </li> 
<li> <b> Migrate data to the new system: </b> Transfer existing library data, such as book records, user information, and borrowing history, from the current system to the newly developed automated library management system, ensuring data integrity and accuracy during the migration process. </li>
<li> <b> Test and ensure quality: </b> Conduct thorough testing of the new system to ensure its functionality, reliability, and compatibility with the existing technology infrastructure. Address any identified issues or bugs to ensure a high-quality end product. </li>
<li> <b> Provide training and transition support: </b> Develop a comprehensive training plan to familiarize library staff with the new system and its features. Offer support during the transition period to ensure a smooth adoption of the automated library management system. </li>
<li> <b> Implement and offer ongoing support: </b> Deploy the new system for operational use, ensuring that it meets the needs of the college library. Provide ongoing technical support and maintenance to address any issues, optimize system performance, and incorporate future enhancements as needed. </li>

</ol>

== Project Overview ==

<p> The library at Asia Pacific College spends a lot of money each year buying books and ebooks for its users. The library staff struggles to make educated purchase selections due to a lack of information on these products' usage trends. The library may choose materials to buy more intelligently and save money by creating a system to track the consumption patterns of books and ebooks. This will also boost student happiness. </p>

== Project Description ==

<p> The SmartBooks project aims to optimize book and eBook acquisition and utilization in the Asia Pacific College Library. The project will improve the process of tracking books. This will enhance resource utilization, provide real-time usage data, and integrate reliable reviews for better book selection. The project involves phases like requirements gathering, system design, testing, training, and implementation. With active stakeholder involvement, the project aims to achieve outcomes such as efficient resource allocation, improved accessibility, enhanced learning experience, and cost savings. Overall, SmartBooks modernizes library management, aligns resources with student needs, and promotes effective learning and research. </p>

== Goals and Objectives ==

<p> These objectives align with Asia Pacific College's strategic plan to provide high-quality education to its students, foster a culture of innovation and continuous improvement, and manage resources effectively. By implementing a system to track the usage patterns of books and eBooks, the library can make data-driven decisions that support these goals and contribute to the overall success of the institution. </p> 

<ol> 

<li> <b> Optimize Book and eBook Acquisition: </b> The primary goal of the SmartBooks project is to optimize the process of acquiring books and eBooks for the Asia Pacific College Library. This involves improving the tracking and selection of books, ensuring that the resources align with student needs and interests. </li> 
<li> <b> Integrate Reliable Reviews: </b> The SmartBooks project seeks to integrate reliable reviews into the book selection process. By leveraging reviews from trusted sources, such as integrating reviews from companies like Amazon, the project aims to improve the quality and relevance of the library's collection. </li> 
<li> <b> Cost Savings: </b> The SmartBooks project aims to achieve cost savings by optimizing resource acquisition. By ensuring that the library invests in the most valuable and frequently used materials, the project aims to reduce unnecessary expenditures on books and eBooks. </li> 
<li> <b> Efficient Resource Allocation: </b> The project aims to achieve efficient resource allocation by making data-driven decisions. By analyzing usage patterns and reliable reviews, the project will guide the allocation of resources towards the most beneficial books and eBooks for student use, reducing unnecessary expenses. </li> 

</ol>

== Project Performance ==

<p> The performance of the SmartBooks project will be evaluated based on key performance indicators (KPIs) that measure its success in achieving the project goals and objectives. Here are some potential KPIs to assess the project performance: </p>

<ul> 

<li> <b> Resource Utilization: </b> Measure the increase in resource utilization by tracking the number of books and eBooks borrowed by students over time. This KPI will demonstrate the effectiveness of the project in optimizing resource utilization.  </li> 
<li> <b> User Satisfaction: </b> Conduct surveys or gather feedback from students and library staff to assess their satisfaction with the SmartBooks system. This KPI will provide insights into the user experience and the perceived value of the project. </li> 
<li> <b> Cost Savings: </b> Evaluate the actual cost savings achieved through optimized book and eBook acquisition. Compare the projected budget with the actual expenditure to measure the financial impact of the project. </li> 
<li> <b> Stakeholder Engagement: </b> Assess the level of stakeholder engagement and collaboration throughout the project. This could include measuring stakeholder involvement, satisfaction, and their contribution to project success. </li> 
<li> <b> System Performance: </b> Evaluate the performance of the automated library management system by monitoring system uptime, response time, and user satisfaction with the system's functionality and reliability. </li> 

</ul>

== Project Assumptions ==

<p> By accepting these assumptions, all parties involved in the SmartBooks project can move forward with confidence in their validity and plan accordingly. The SmartBooks project operates under the following assumptions, which all parties acknowledge to be true and correct upon agreement and signature of this document: </p> 

<ol> 

<li> <b> Adequate Budget Allocation: </b> The library has allocated a sufficient budget to purchase additional books and eBooks based on the usage data. This ensures that the library can acquire materials that are in demand and align with student needs. </li> 
<li> <b> Skilled Staff for Data Analysis: </b> The library staff possesses the necessary skills and training to analyze the usage data and make informed purchasing decisions. Their expertise allows for effective interpretation of data insights and selection of relevant materials for acquisition. </li> 
<li> <b> Sufficient Storage Capacity: </b> The library has an adequate amount of storage space to accommodate the additional books and eBooks that will be acquired based on usage data. Sufficient storage ensures that the library can effectively manage and organize the expanded collection. </li> 
<li> <b> Website Compatibility: </b> The library's website is capable of accommodating the additional data and features required to display usage patterns. This assumption implies that the website infrastructure and design can support the integration of usage data and provide a user-friendly interface for students and staff. </li> 
<li> <b> Accuracy of Borrowing Information: </b> It is assumed that students will provide accurate information when borrowing books and eBooks. This assumption is crucial for ensuring the reliability and integrity of the usage data collected for analysis and decision-making. </li> 

</ol> 

== Project Constraints ==

<p> By acknowledging and working within these constraints, the SmartBooks Utilization project ensures responsible budget management, timely completion, alignment with existing technology infrastructure, and optimal utilization of available staff resources. The SmartBooks Utilization project is subject to the following constraints: </p>

<ol> 

<li> <b> Budget: </b> The project must stay within the allocated budget, and any additional expenses require approval from the project sponsor. </li> 
<li> <b> Time: </b> The project must be completed within the agreed-upon timeline, and any potential delays must be communicated to the project sponsor and stakeholders. </li> 
<li> <b> Technology: </b> The project must utilize the existing library website platform, with any necessary upgrades approved by the IT department. </li> 
<li> <b> Staffing: </b> The project must be carried out using the current library staff resources, without additional staffing allocation. </li> 

</ol> 

== Major Project Milestones ==

<p> The primary project milestones and their anticipated completion dates are as follows: </p> 

<ul>

<li> <b> Usage Pattern Analysis Report: </b> This milestone is reached when the usage pattern analysis report is generated. The data analyst analyzes the usage patterns of books and eBooks within the library, identifying trends, popular titles, and utilization patterns. The report provides valuable insights that inform the decision-making process for book acquisition and resource allocation. </li>
<li> <b> Software Development: </b> This milestone represents the successful integration of reliable reviews into the SmartBooks system. The project team establishes the necessary processes and interfaces to integrate trusted review sources, such as reviews from companies like Amazon. This integration ensures that reliable reviews are accessible and considered during the book selection process. </li>
<li> <b> System Implementation: </b> The system is officially launched for use in the Asia Pacific College Library. All project deliverables, including the system, usage pattern analysis report, and reliable reviews integration, are in place and operational. </li>

</ul> 

== Strategic Alignment ==

<p> The SmartBooks project aligns with the goals and priorities of Asia Pacific College (APC) by supporting resource optimization and data-driven decision making. The project ensures efficient allocation of resources by using data to select relevant and popular books, resulting in cost savings. Additionally, the project aligns with APC's commitment to data-driven decision making by tracking usage patterns and integrating reliable reviews. Overall, the SmartBooks project enhances the learning environment, aligns with APC's strategic direction, and improves the educational experience for students. </p>

<h3> Cost Benefit Analysis </h3>

<table>

<tr>
<th colspan="2"> Total Project Cost: ₱350,000 </th> 
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Personnel Costs: <li> This includes the salaries and benefits of the project team members involved in the development, implementation, and maintenance of the automated library management system. </li> </td>
<td> ₱150,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Software: <li> This includes licensing fees and any customization or integration requirements. </li> </td>
<td> ₱70,000</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Hardware and Infrastructure: <li> This includes the purchase of servers, computers, networking equipment, and any other hardware required for the implementation of the automated library management system. </li> </td>
<td> ₱60,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Training and Documentation: <li> This includes conducting training sessions for library staff on using the new system and creating user manuals and guides. </li> </td>
<td> ₱35,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Contingency Reserve: <li> It consists of 10% of the allocated budget, it is allocated to account for any unforeseen expenses or risks that may arise during the course of the project. </li> </td>
<td> ₱35,000 </td>
</tr>

</table>

== Alternative Analysis ==

<ul>

<li> <b> Status Quo - Do Nothing: </b> Maintaining the current manual system of data collection and book management at the Asia Pacific College Library. This alternative does not address the identified issues and lacks efficiency and productivity improvements. <b> Not selected. </b> </li>
<li> <b> Purchase Additional Books and eBooks: </b> Buying more resources to expand the library's collection. This alternative may not effectively improve usage, access, and satisfaction. It can be costly and does not address underlying issues. <b> Not selected. </b> </li>
<li> <b> Implement the SmartBooks Project: </b> Adopting the SmartBooks project to optimize book and eBook acquisition and utilization. This alternative addresses the identified issues, enhances resource access, improves the learning experience, and achieves cost savings through efficient allocation. <b> Selected. </b> </li>

</ul>

<p> The SmartBooks project is the chosen alternative as it comprehensively addresses the identified issues and aligns with the organization's objectives. </p> 

== Approvals ==

<p> The executive review board will evaluate and approve the business case for the SmartBooks initiative. Their role is to assess the project's feasibility, risks, and benefits before making a decision on its acceptance or rejection. The board members will carefully analyze how the project aligns with the organization's strategic goals and assess its potential impact on resources and finances based on the information presented in the business case. If the board approves the proposal, the project planning and execution will commence. However, if the proposal is rejected, the project will not proceed, and alternative solutions will be considered. </p>

= Project Charter Plan =

== Executive Summary == 

<p> The SmartBooks project aims to optimize the book and ebook acquisition process for Asia Pacific College (APC) Library. The project's objectives include improving resource allocation, enhancing student satisfaction, and achieving cost savings. By analyzing usage patterns and integrating reliable reviews, the project aims to make informed decisions about which materials to purchase. The project involves implementing an automated tracking system, analyzing usage data, integrating reviews, providing real-time availability updates, and ensuring a user-friendly interface. The project must stay within the budget and be completed on time, utilizing existing staff and technology resources. The success of the project relies on adequate budget allocation, skilled staff for data analysis, sufficient storage capacity, compatible website infrastructure, and accurate borrowing information.  </p>

<p> Moreover, the deliverables include a usage pattern analysis report, reliable reviews integration, and system implementation. The project follows a timeline with milestones for requirements analysis, system design, development, testing, deployment, maintenance, and support. The estimated budget for the project is ₱350,000. The project requires approval through a project proposal, budget approval, stakeholder buy-in, risk assessment and mitigation plan, resource allocation, project governance approval, and alignment with organizational strategy. The project manager, Sim Paul Palacio, is responsible for leading the project and ensuring its successful execution. </p>


<h2> Project Purpose / Justification </h2> 
<h3> Business Need / Case </h3>

<p> Addressing these business needs through optimized book and eBook acquisition processes enables APC to operate efficiently, meet student expectations, allocate resources wisely, and support student achievement. </p>

<ul>

<li> <b> Cost Optimization: </b> APC needs to find a way to manage its budget effectively by purchasing books and eBooks that provide the most value for the money spent. By identifying the most relevant and frequently used materials, the library can prioritize its purchasing decisions and minimize unnecessary expenses. </li>
<li> <b> Student Satisfaction: </b> It is crucial for APC to meet the needs and expectations of its students. By acquiring the right books and eBooks that align with students' interests and academic requirements, APC can enhance student satisfaction and engagement. This, in turn, contributes to a positive learning environment and supports students' educational goals. </li>
<li> <b> Resource Allocation: </b> Limited resources necessitate careful allocation. APC needs to allocate its resources, including the library budget, efficiently to ensure that students have access to the necessary materials. By making informed decisions based on usage patterns and reliable reviews, APC can allocate its resources more effectively and ensure they are invested in the most beneficial resources for student use. </li>
<li> <b> Academic Success: </b> The ultimate goal of APC is to facilitate academic success among its students. By providing access to appropriate books and eBooks that complement the curriculum, APC can enhance learning outcomes and support students in their academic pursuits. The right resources can aid students in conducting research, studying effectively, and expanding their knowledge, thereby contributing to their overall academic success. </li>

</ul> 

== Business Objectives ==

<p> The purpose of this project is to optimize the book and eBook acquisition process for APC in order to make informed decisions about which materials to purchase for student use. By addressing the challenge of limited resources and the cost of buying books/eBooks, the project aims to ensure that APC invests in the most relevant and beneficial resources for its students. By identifying usage patterns and considering reliable reviews, the project seeks to maximize the value of the library's budget while providing students with access to high-quality materials that align with their needs and interests. Ultimately, the project aims to enhance the learning experience and support academic success within the APC community. </p>


== Project Description ==

<p> The SmartBooks project aims to optimize book and eBook acquisition and utilization in the Asia Pacific College Library. The project will improve the process of tracking books. This will enhance resource utilization, provide real-time usage data, and integrate reliable reviews for better book selection. The project involves phases like requirements gathering, system design, testing, training, and implementation. With active stakeholder involvement, the project aims to achieve outcomes such as efficient resource allocation, improved accessibility, enhanced learning experience, and cost savings. Overall, SmartBooks modernizes library management, aligns resources with student needs, and promotes effective learning and research. </p>

== Project Objectives and Success Criteria ==

<p> These objectives align with Asia Pacific College's strategic plan to provide high-quality education to its students, foster a culture of innovation and continuous improvement, and manage resources effectively. By implementing a system to track the usage patterns of books and ebooks, the library can make data-driven decisions that support these goals and contribute to the overall success of the institution. </p>
 
<b> 1. Optimize Book and eBook Acquisition: </b> The primary goal of the SmartBooks project is to optimize the process of acquiring books and eBooks for the Asia Pacific College Library. This involves improving the tracking and selection of books, ensuring that the resources align with student needs and interests. 

<ul>
<b> Success criteria: </b>
<li> Increase the percentage of books and eBooks acquired based on student needs and interests by 20% within one year. </li>
<li> Decrease the percentage of unused or low-demand materials in the library's collection by 15% within six months. </li>
</ul>

<b> 2. Integrate Reliable Reviews: </b> The SmartBooks project seeks to integrate reliable reviews into the book selection process. By leveraging reviews from trusted sources, such as integrating reviews from companies like Amazon, the project aims to improve the quality and relevance of the library's collection.

<ul>
<b> Success criteria: </b> 
<li> Incorporate reliable reviews from trusted sources for at least 80% of the new book acquisitions within three months. </li>
<li> Improve the average rating of the library's collection based on user feedback by 0.5 points on a 5-point scale within six months. </li>
</ul>


<b> 3. Cost Savings: </b> The SmartBooks project aims to achieve cost savings by optimizing resource acquisition. By ensuring that the library invests in the most valuable and frequently used materials, the project aims to reduce unnecessary expenditures on books and eBooks.

<ul>
<b> Success criteria: </b> 
<li> Reduce the overall expenditure on books and eBooks by 10% within one year, while maintaining or improving the quality and relevance of the collection. </li>
</ul>

<b> 4. Efficient Resource Allocation: </b> The project aims to achieve efficient resource allocation by making data-driven decisions. By analyzing usage patterns and reliable reviews, the project will guide the allocation of resources towards the most beneficial books and eBooks for student use, reducing unnecessary expenses. 

<ul>
<b> Success criteria: </b> 
<li> Increase the percentage of resource allocation decisions based on data analysis and usage patterns by 30% within six months. </li>
<li> Decrease the percentage of resource allocation for low-demand materials by 15% within one year. </li>
</ul>

<h3> Requirements </h3>

<p> These high-level requirements will serve as guidelines for the project team to ensure that the SmartBooks Utilization project is completed successfully and meets the needs of the library and its users. </p>

<ol>

<li> <b> Automated Book Tracking: </b> Implement an automated system that tracks the availability, location, and borrowing history of books and eBooks in the library. This will enable efficient management and provide real-time information on resource utilization. </li>
<li> <b> Usage Pattern Analysis: </b> Develop capabilities to analyze usage patterns of books and eBooks within the library. This includes tracking which materials are frequently borrowed and identifying popular titles to inform resource acquisition decisions. </li>
<li> <b> Integration of Reliable Reviews: </b> Integrate a reliable review system, such as partnering with reputable sources like Amazon, to provide users with comprehensive and trustworthy feedback on books and eBooks. This will assist in informed decision-making during resource selection. </li>
<li> <b> Real-Time Availability Updates: </b> Enable real-time updates on book availability, allowing users to check the availability status of books and eBooks online. This will prevent disappointment caused by unavailable resources and improve resource accessibility. </li>
<li> <b> User-Friendly Interface: </b> Create an intuitive and user-friendly interface for both library staff and users to easily navigate and access the SmartBooks system. The interface should provide seamless searching, borrowing, and returning functionalities. </li>
<li> <b> Data Security and Privacy: </b> Implement robust security measures to protect user data and ensure compliance with data privacy regulations. User information, borrowing history, and other sensitive data should be handled securely and protected from unauthorized access. </li>
<li> <b> Training and Support: </b> Provide comprehensive training and ongoing support for library staff to effectively utilize and maintain the SmartBooks system. This includes training on system functionalities, data analysis techniques, and troubleshooting procedures. </li>
<li> <b> Scalability and Future Expansion: </b> Design the SmartBooks system to be scalable and adaptable for future growth. Consider the potential expansion of the library's collection and user base, ensuring the system can accommodate increased volumes of books and users. </li>

</ol> 

<h3> Constraints </h3>

<p> By acknowledging and working within these constraints, the SmartBooks Utilization project ensures responsible budget management, timely completion, alignment with existing technology infrastructure, and optimal utilization of available staff resources. The SmartBooks Utilization project is subject to the following constraints: </p>

<ol> 

<li> <b> Budget: </b> The project must stay within the allocated budget, and any additional expenses require approval from the project sponsor. </li> 
<li> <b> Time: </b> The project must be completed within the agreed-upon timeline, and any potential delays must be communicated to the project sponsor and stakeholders. </li> 
<li> <b> Technology: </b> The project must utilize the existing library website platform, with any necessary upgrades approved by the IT department. </li> 
<li> <b> Staffing: </b> The project must be carried out using the current library staff resources, without additional staffing allocation. </li> 

</ol> 

<h3> Assumptions </h3>

<p> By accepting these assumptions, all parties involved in the SmartBooks project can move forward with confidence in their validity and plan accordingly. The SmartBooks project operates under the following assumptions, which all parties acknowledge to be true and correct upon agreement and signature of this document: </p> 

<ol> 

<li> <b> Adequate Budget Allocation: </b> The library has allocated a sufficient budget to purchase additional books and eBooks based on the usage data. This ensures that the library can acquire materials that are in demand and align with student needs. </li> 
<li> <b> Skilled Staff for Data Analysis: </b> The library staff possesses the necessary skills and training to analyze the usage data and make informed purchasing decisions. Their expertise allows for effective interpretation of data insights and selection of relevant materials for acquisition. </li> 
<li> <b> Sufficient Storage Capacity: </b> The library has an adequate amount of storage space to accommodate the additional books and eBooks that will be acquired based on usage data. Sufficient storage ensures that the library can effectively manage and organize the expanded collection. </li> 
<li> <b> Website Compatibility: </b> The library's website is capable of accommodating the additional data and features required to display usage patterns. This assumption implies that the website infrastructure and design can support the integration of usage data and provide a user-friendly interface for students and staff. </li> 
<li> <b> Accuracy of Borrowing Information: </b> It is assumed that students will provide accurate information when borrowing books and eBooks. This assumption is crucial for ensuring the reliability and integrity of the usage data collected for analysis and decision-making. </li> 

</ol> 


<h3> Preliminary Scope Statements </h3>

<p> The SmartBooks Utilization project aims to enhance book and ebook usage in the library at Asia Pacific College by implementing a data-driven system. This system will monitor usage patterns, provide recommendations for purchasing decisions, and improve overall resource management. The project scope includes the development and deployment of a software system that enables library personnel to gather data, identify high-demand materials, and make informed purchasing choices. Additionally, the project encompasses training library staff on system usage and integrating it seamlessly into existing library workflows. The project will be considered successfully completed when the system is implemented effectively, empowering the library to make efficient purchasing decisions based on usage data. </p>

== Risks ==

<p> These high-level risks should be monitored and managed throughout the project to minimize their impact on the project's success. </p>

<ul>

<li> <b> Limited Availability: </b> Risk of certain books and eBooks being unavailable in the market. Mitigation: Conduct thorough research and establish partnerships with multiple suppliers. </li>
<li> <b> Changing Needs and Trends: </b> Risk of the SmartBooks system not aligning with evolving user requirements. Mitigation: Regularly engage with stakeholders, monitor industry trends, and collect user feedback to adapt the system accordingly. </li>
<li> <b> Budget Constraints: </b> Risk of budget limitations affecting system implementation and resource acquisition. Mitigation: Effective budget planning, cost estimation, and monitoring of expenses. Prioritize essential features and explore cost-effective alternatives. </li>
<li> <b> Quality and Reliability of Reviews: </b> Risk of poor-quality or biased reviews impacting user trust and decision-making. Mitigation: Implement a thorough review vetting process, consider reputable sources, and enable user feedback on reviews. </li>
</ul>

== Project Deliverables ==

<p> The following deliverables must be met upon the successful completion of the SmartBooks Project.  Any changes to these deliverables must be approved by the project sponsor. </p>

<ol>

<li> <b> Usage Pattern Analysis Report: </b> The milestone is achieved when the usage pattern analysis report is generated. The report analyzes book and eBook usage patterns in the library, identifying trends and popular titles. These insights inform decision-making for book acquisition and resource allocation. </li>
<li> <b> Reliable Reviews Integration: </b> This milestone marks the successful integration of reliable reviews into the SmartBooks system. Trusted review sources, like Amazon, are integrated, ensuring access to reliable reviews during the book selection process. </li>
<li> <b> Updated Collection Development Policy: </b> The policy will be updated to reflect the new system for tracking usage patterns of books and eBooks, ensuring that purchasing decisions align with the needs of the students and the college. </li>
<li> <b> System Implementation: </b> The system has officially launched in the Asia Pacific College Library. All project deliverables, including the system, usage pattern analysis report, and reliable reviews integration, are in place and operational. </li> 

</ol>

== Summary Milestones Schedule ==

<p> The project Summary Milestone Schedule is presented below.  As requirements are more clearly defined this schedule may be modified.  Any changes will be communicated through project status meetings by the project manager. </p>

<table>

<tr>
<th colspan="2"> Summary Milestone Schedule – List key project milestones relative to project start.   </th>
</tr>

<tr> 
<th> Project Milestone </th>
<th> Target Date </th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Requirements Analysis: 
<li> Understand the needs and requirements of stakeholders. </li> 
<li> Identify desired features and functionalities. </li> 
<li> Define data requirements for tracking book usage and reviews. </li> 
</td>
<td> June 15 – June 30 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> System Design: 
<li> Create a user-friendly interface and system architecture. </li> 
<li> Design data models for tracking book usage and reviews.. </li> 
<li> Define workflows for book acquisition and borrowing. </li> 
</td>
<td> July 1 – July 31 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> System Development & Testing: 
<li> Develop the SmartBooks system. </li> 
<li> Test the system for functionality and performance. </li> 
<li> Fix any issues or bugs identified during testing. </li> 
</td>
<td>  August 1 – September 15 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Training and Documentation: 
<li> Provide training for library staff on using the system. </li> 
<li> Create user guides and manuals for reference. </li> 
<li> Develop system administration documentation. </li> 
</td>
<td> September 16 – September 30 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Implementation and Deployment:
<li> Roll out the system in phases or all at once. </li> 
<li> Migrate existing book and eBook data to the system. </li> 
<li> Test the system in the live environment. </li> 
</td>
<td> October 1 – October 15 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Maintenance and Support:
<li> Maintain and update the system regularly. </li> 
<li> Provide technical support to address user queries.</li> 
<li> Monitor system performance and security. </li> 
</td>
<td> October 16 – 30 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Project Closure:
<li> Review the success of the project. </li> 
<li> Document project outcomes and lessons learned. </li> 
<li> Archive project-related documents. </li> 
</td>
<td> November 3 </td>
</tr>
</table>

== Summary Budget ==

<p> A summary budget based on the expected expenses needed to successfully complete the project and planned cost components is shown in the table below. </p>

<table>

<tr>
<th colspan="2"> Summary Budget – List component project costs </th>
</tr>

<tr> 
<th> Project Component </th>
<th> Component Cost </th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Personnel Costs  </td>
<td> ₱150,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Software </td>
<td> ₱70,000</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Hardware and Infrastructure </td>
<td> ₱60,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Training and Documentation  </td>
<td> ₱35,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Contingency Reserve  </td>
<td> ₱35,000 </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td> Total Planned Costs  </td>
<td> ₱350,000 </td>
</tr>

</table>

== Project Approval Requirements ==

<p> These approval requirements ensure that the project receives the necessary support, resources, and alignment with organizational goals to proceed successfully. The approval requirements for the SmartBooks Utilization project are as follows: </p>

<ol>

<li> Project Proposal: A detailed proposal outlining project objectives, scope, timeline, and estimated budget. </li>
<li> Budget Approval: Securing approval for the project budget to obtain necessary funding. </li>
<li> Stakeholder Buy-In: Gaining approval and support from key stakeholders involved in the project. </li>
<li> Risk Assessment and Mitigation Plan: Conducting a risk assessment and obtaining approval for a plan to address potential risks. </li>
<li> Resource Allocation: Approval for the allocation of required resources, such as personnel and equipment. </li>
<li> Project Governance: Seeking approval from project governance bodies responsible for overseeing project execution.</li>
<li> Alignment with Organizational Strategy: Demonstrating how the project aligns with the college's strategic goals and objectives. </li>

</ol>

== Project Manager ==

<p>
Name: Sim Paul Palacio
</p>

<p> Responsibility: The project manager is responsible for planning, executing, and monitoring the SmartBooks project. They lead the project team, communicate with stakeholders, manage risks, and ensure project objectives are met within the defined timeline and budget. </p>

<p> Authority Level: The project manager has the authority to make decisions related to project execution, team management, and resource allocation. However, major decisions impacting project scope, budget, or timeline may require approval from the project sponsor or relevant stakeholders. The project manager collaborates closely with stakeholders to ensure alignment and obtain necessary approvals throughout the project. </p>

= Stakeholder Management Strategy Plan =

== Introduction ==

<p> This document is a simple guide for managing stakeholders in the SmartBooks project. Effective stakeholder management is crucial for project success, as it ensures that the needs and expectations of key stakeholders are considered throughout the project. By engaging stakeholders and addressing their concerns, we can build strong relationships and increase support for the project. This document provides strategies for identifying and engaging stakeholders, emphasizing the importance of communication and collaboration to align project goals with stakeholder interests. By following these guidelines, we can create a positive stakeholder environment, enhance stakeholder satisfaction, and maximize the benefits of the SmartBooks project. </p>

== Identify Stakeholders ==

<p> To identify the key stakeholders for the SmartBooks project, we will conduct a stakeholder analysis to identify those who will be directly or indirectly affected. We will consult with the library staff, including librarians and support personnel, to gather their input on library operations. Involving student organizations and committees will allow us to incorporate the perspectives of students. Engaging with the project sponsor will help identify other stakeholders and align project goals with the college's objectives. Collaboration with different departments and any external vendors or developers involved will ensure that all relevant stakeholders are identified, and their input is considered throughout the project. </p>

== Key Stakeholders ==

<p> By focusing on the library staff, students, and project sponsor as key stakeholders, the SmartBooks project can prioritize their needs, involve them in the decision-making process, and ensure that the automated library management system effectively meets their requirements. </p>

<ol> 
<li> <b> Library Staff: </b> The library staff, including librarians and support personnel, are vital stakeholders in the project. They will be actively involved in using and managing the automated library management system on a daily basis. Their input and feedback during the requirement gathering, testing, and training phases are crucial for ensuring the system meets their needs and effectively streamlines their workflows. Involving the library staff throughout the project helps to gain their buy-in and ensures successful adoption and utilization of the system. </li>

<li> <b> Students: </b> Students are the primary users of the library resources, and their needs and satisfaction are essential for the success of the SmartBooks project. Involving students during the requirement analysis phase and seeking their input on features, usability, and accessibility can help tailor the system to their needs. Their feedback on the system's functionality, ease of use, and availability of relevant resources should be actively sought during the testing and evaluation phases. Engaging students as stakeholders ensures that the system supports their learning and research activities effectively. </li>

<li> <b> Project Sponsor (Mr. Jojo Castillio): </b> The project sponsor holds a critical role in the SmartBooks project. They provide the necessary support, resources, and funding to ensure the project's success. The project sponsor champions the project within the college administration, ensures alignment with the college's strategic objectives, and represents the interests of the stakeholders. Their involvement includes providing guidance, making key decisions, and overseeing the progress and outcomes of the project. Regular communication and collaboration with the project sponsor help in securing the necessary support and resources throughout the project lifecycle. </li>

</ol> 

== Stakeholder Analysis ==

<p> The stakeholder analysis for the SmartBooks project identified the main individuals and groups who will be impacted by the project. Mr. Jojo Castillo, the project sponsor, plays a vital role in supporting and advocating for the project. The library staff, including librarians and support personnel, are important stakeholders who will actively use and manage the new system. Students are also key stakeholders who will benefit from the improved library resources. By involving Mr. Jojo Castillo, the library staff, and students, the project ensures their perspectives are considered, leading to effective communication and collaboration for project success. </p>

= Scope Management Plan = 

== Introduction ==

<p> 
The SmartBooks project takes a structured approach to manage its scope effectively. By closely collaborating with library staff, students, and the project sponsor, the project team ensures a clear understanding of requirements and priorities. They establish a process to evaluate and approve scope changes, regularly review deliverables, and monitor project activities to prevent scope creep. Engaging stakeholders throughout the project keeps them informed and involved. This approach ensures that the project stays on track, delivers the desired outcomes, and meets the needs of all stakeholders. </p> 

== Scope Management Approach ==

<p> The SmartBooks project will follow a clear and organized approach to manage its scope effectively. This involves defining and documenting the project's boundaries and objectives. The scope includes implementing an automated library management system to optimize book and eBook acquisition and utilization in the Asia Pacific College Library. </p> 

<p> By following this approach, the SmartBooks project will stay on track, deliver the desired outcomes, and meet the needs of library staff, students, and the project sponsor. To manage the scope, the project team will: </p> 

<ul> 

<li> Work closely with library staff, students, and the project sponsor to understand their requirements and priorities. </li>
<li> Establish a process for evaluating and approving changes to the project scope, ensuring they align with the project's goals. </li>
<li> Regularly review and validate project deliverables to ensure they meet stakeholders' expectations. </li>
<li> Monitor project activities to prevent scope creep and address any deviations promptly. </li>
<li> Engage stakeholders throughout the project, seeking their input and keeping them informed of progress and potential changes. </li>

</ul>

== Roles and Responsibilities ==

<p> These roles work together to achieve the goals of the SmartBooks project, ensuring stakeholder involvement, effective project management, system development, and insightful data analysis. </p>

<ol>

<li> <b> Stakeholders: </b> Stakeholders in the SmartBooks project have important roles and responsibilities. They provide input and feedback on project requirements, participate in decision-making, review and approve deliverables, ensure alignment with organizational goals, and provide necessary resources and support. </li>
<li> <b> Project Manager: </b> The project manager oversees the entire project, defining objectives, creating plans, assigning tasks, monitoring progress, and addressing issues. They facilitate communication, ensure quality and timely delivery, and report project status to stakeholders. </li>
<li> <b> System Developers: </b>  System developers design, develop, and implement the SmartBooks system. They understand requirements, code software components, conduct testing, collaborate with other team members, document processes, and provide support during implementation. </li>
<li> <b> Data Analyst: </b> Other key persons involved in managing the scope of the project may include subject matter experts, quality assurance professionals, and change management specialists. Each of these roles should have clearly defined responsibilities within the scope management process.The data analyst analyzes and interprets data related to book usage, reviews, and metrics. They collect and analyze data, collaborate with stakeholders, generate reports and recommendations, ensure data quality, and assist in testing and validation. </li> 

</ol> 

== Scope Definition ==

<p> The SmartBooks Utilization project aims to enhance book and ebook usage in the library at Asia Pacific College by implementing a data-driven system. This system will enable library personnel to monitor borrowing patterns, identify popular materials, and make informed purchasing decisions. The project scope includes the development and deployment of a software system, training for library staff members on its usage, and seamless integration into existing library workflows. The project's successful completion will be marked by the effective implementation of the system, empowering the library to make efficient and data-backed purchasing decisions. </p> 

== Project Scope Statement ==

<b> Product Scope Description: </b> 
<p> The SmartBooks project aims to improve book and eBook usage in the library at Asia Pacific College and be cost efficient on gathering resources by understanding student usage patterns through a digital platform. This platform will provide an easy-to-use interface for library staff and students to access and manage resources effectively. Key features include real-time inventory tracking, book recommendations based on usage patterns, and integration with reliable review sources. The project scope involves developing the digital platform, providing user training and support, and integrating it with the existing library infrastructure. The goal is to enhance resource utilization, accessibility, and user experience for both staff and students. </p> 

<b> Product Acceptance Criteria </b>
<p> These criteria highlight the key goals of the SmartBooks project, such as successful system implementation, improved book access, positive user experience, and adequate support for staff. Meeting these criteria will ensure the project's success and acceptance by stakeholders. The project will be considered complete and accepted when the following criteria have been met: </p> 

<ol> 

<li> The automated library management system is implemented according to agreed-upon requirements. </li>
<li> Accurate tracking of book usage and popular titles is achieved. </li> 
<li> Users can easily retrieve and borrow books through the automated system. </li>
<li> Positive feedback and satisfaction are received from library staff and students regarding system functionality and usability. </li>
<li> Comprehensive training and documentation are provided to support staff in effectively using and managing the system. </li>

</ol> 

<h3> <b> Project Deliverables </b> </h3> 

<b> Project Exclusions: </b> 

<ul>

<li> <b> Network Infrastructure Upgrades: </b> Any upgrades or modifications to the existing network infrastructure of the Asia Pacific College Library are not within the scope of the project. The project solely concentrates on optimizing book and eBook acquisition and utilization through the implementation of the automated system. </li> 
<li> <b> Physical Library Space Renovations: </b> The project does not involve any renovations or modifications to the physical library space. While the system may help optimize resource utilization, the physical infrastructure and layout of the library are not part of the project scope.</li> 
<li> <b> Extensive Customization of the System: </b> The project excludes extensive customization of the library system beyond the initially defined requirements. The focus is on delivering the core functionalities of usage pattern analysis, reliable reviews integration, and updated collection development policy. </li>

</ul>

<b> Project Constraints </b>

<ol> 

<li> <b> Budget: </b> The project must stay within the allocated budget, and any additional expenses require approval from the project sponsor. </li> 
<li> <b> Time: </b> The project must be completed within the agreed-upon timeline, and any potential delays must be communicated to the project sponsor and stakeholders. </li> 
<li> <b> Technology: </b> The project must utilize the existing library website platform, with any necessary upgrades approved by the IT department. </li> 
<li> <b> Staffing: </b> The project must be carried out using the current library staff resources, without additional staffing allocation. </li> 

</ol> 

<p> <b> Project Assumptions </b> </p>

<ol> 

<li> <b> Adequate Budget Allocation: </b> The library has allocated a sufficient budget to purchase additional books and eBooks based on the usage data. This ensures that the library can acquire materials that are in demand and align with student needs. </li> 
<li> <b> Skilled Staff for Data Analysis: </b> The library staff possesses the necessary skills and training to analyze the usage data and make informed purchasing decisions. Their expertise allows for effective interpretation of data insights and selection of relevant materials for acquisition. </li> 
<li> <b> Sufficient Storage Capacity: </b> The library has an adequate amount of storage space to accommodate the additional books and eBooks that will be acquired based on usage data. Sufficient storage ensures that the library can effectively manage and organize the expanded collection. </li> 
<li> <b> Website Compatibility: </b> The library's website is capable of accommodating the additional data and features required to display usage patterns. This assumption implies that the website infrastructure and design can support the integration of usage data and provide a user-friendly interface for students and staff. </li> 
<li> <b> Accuracy of Borrowing Information: </b> It is assumed that students will provide accurate information when borrowing books and eBooks. This assumption is crucial for ensuring the reliability and integrity of the usage data collected for analysis and decision-making. </li> 

</ol> 

== Work Breakdown Structure == 

<b> SmartBooks </b>

# Requirement Analysis
## Understand the needs and requirements of stakeholders.
## Identify desired features and functionalities.
## Define data requirements for tracking book usage and reviews.
# System Design
## Create a user-friendly interface and system architecture.
## Design data models for tracking book usage and reviews.
## Define workflows for book acquisition and borrowing.
# Development and Testing
## Develop the automated library management system.
## Test the system for functionality and performance.
## Fix any issues or bugs identified during testing.
# Training and Documentation
## Provide training for library staff on using the system.
## Create user guides and manuals for reference.
## Develop system administration documentation.
#Implementation and Deployment:
## Roll out the system in phases or all at once.
## Migrate existing book and eBook data to the system.
## Test the system in the live environment.
# Maintenance and Support:
## Maintain and update the system regularly.
## Provide technical support to address user queries.
## Monitor system performance and security.


== Scope Verification ==

<p> Scope verification is the process of reviewing and confirming that the SmartBooks project has achieved its goals and delivered all the planned outcomes. This involves:
</p> 

<ul>

<li> <b> Reviewing Project Objectives:  </b>  The project team and stakeholders check if the project objectives, such as optimizing book acquisition, generating usage pattern reports, integrating reliable reviews, updating the collection development policy, and implementing the automated library management system, have been met. </li> 
<li> <b> Assessing Deliverables: </b> The project team examines each completed deliverable, like the usage pattern report, reliable reviews integration, updated policy, and operational system. They compare these deliverables against the requirements to ensure they meet the intended scope and functionality. </li> 
<li> <b> Scope Baseline: </b> The scope baseline will be used as a reference to ensure that all project deliverables are within the defined scope. Any changes to the scope will be documented and tracked against the baseline. </li> 
<li> <b> Stakeholder Feedback: </b>  Library staff and students provide their input and feedback on the deliverables to assess their satisfaction and confirm that the outcomes meet their expectations and needs. </li> 
<li> <b> Documenting Results: </b> The results of the scope verification process are documented, including any identified discrepancies or issues. This documentation serves as evidence that the project deliverables have been reviewed and confirmed to align with the defined scope. </li> 

</ul> 

== Scope Control ==

<p> The Scope Control process will be used to monitor the status of the project's scope and ensure that it remains within the defined boundaries. The following tools and techniques will be used to control the scope of the Smartbooks project: </p> 

<ul>

<li> <b> Scope Baseline: </b> The Scope Baseline document will serve as a reference for measuring project performance and controlling changes to the project scope. The Scope Baseline will be updated as necessary to reflect changes in the project scope. </li> 
<li> <b> Documentation: </b>  Keeping a record of approved scope changes, including the rationale behind the changes, their impact on the project, and any adjustments made to the project plan or deliverables as a result. </li> 
<li> <b> Communication: </b> Regularly communicating scope changes, updates, and decisions to all relevant stakeholders. This ensures transparency and alignment among project team members and stakeholders regarding any modifications to the project scope. </li> 

</ul>

= Cost Management Plan = 

== Introduction == 

<p> The Cost Management Plan for the SmartBooks project outlines the strategies and procedures that will be employed to effectively manage costs throughout the project's lifecycle. This plan establishes the framework and guidelines for measuring, reporting, and controlling project costs. It ensures that the project remains within budget and enables informed decision-making regarding cost-related matters. </p>

<p> Key elements of the Cost Management Plan include: </p>

<ul>
<li> Cost Management Responsibility: The project's cost management personnel or positions are expressly identified in the plan. In order to achieve cost effectiveness, this entails appointing a Cost Manager to supervise cost-related operations and work with stakeholders. </li> 
<li> Authority for Budget Changes: The authority levels necessary to approve adjustments to the project's budget are laid out in the plan. This guarantees that any budget changes or revisions are appropriately assessed, approved, and documented. </li>
<li> Cost Performance Measurement: The strategy identifies the quantitative techniques and indicators that will be used to gauge and assess cost performance. This include setting cost baselines, monitoring variances to find any budgetary deviations, and comparing actual costs to projected expenditures. </li>
<li> Reporting Format and Frequency: The plan specifies the report's structure, frequency, and recipients. These reports give project stakeholders rapid access to precise project cost information, enabling strategic cost management and well-informed decision-making. </li>
</ul> 

<p> The SmartBooks project ensures efficient cost control and transparency throughout its duration by putting the Cost Management Plan into practice. It makes it possible for stakeholders to keep track of, evaluate, and optimize expenditures, thus assisting in the project's successful completion within the allotted budget. </p>

== Cost Management Approach == 

<p> The Cost Management Approach for the SmartBooks project encompasses strategies and methodologies to effectively manage costs throughout the project's lifecycle. Cost estimation techniques, such as bottom-up and analogous estimation, will be utilized to provide accurate cost projections. A detailed cost baseline will be established, serving as the reference point for measuring actual costs. Regular monitoring and control mechanisms, including variance analysis and cost-saving identification, will ensure adherence to the budget. A robust change control process will evaluate cost implications of requested changes, and clear and concise cost reports will be shared with stakeholders to maintain financial transparency. By implementing this approach, the SmartBooks project aims to optimize resource utilization, make informed decisions, and successfully deliver within budgetary constraints. </p>

== Measuring Project Costs ==

<p> The Cost Management Plan for SmartBooks' Measure Project Costs section gives a thorough explanation of how project costs will be monitored and managed during the course of the project. We will use Earned Value Management (EVM) as our main methodology to precisely track and manage expenditures. EVM combines the cost, schedule, and performance factors to offer a comprehensive picture of project development and cost performance. It enables us to identify any variations and budgetary deviations by comparing the value of work accomplished (earned value) to the actual expenditures expended and the projected value. </p>

<p> To implement EVM effectively, we will establish a robust system for tracking and recording project costs. This will include capturing all direct and indirect costs associated with SmartBooks, such as personnel costs, hardware and software expenses, training costs, and any other relevant expenditures. We will also ensure that accurate cost data is collected and recorded on a regular basis, enabling us to have real-time visibility into the project's financial performance. Furthermore, we will define key cost metrics and indicators that will be used to assess the project's cost performance. These metrics may include Cost Performance Index (CPI), Schedule Performance Index (SPI), Cost Variance (CV), and Schedule Variance (SV), among others. Regular analysis of these metrics will provide insights into the project's cost efficiency and help identify any potential cost overruns or savings opportunities. </p> 

<p> Project managers and other key team members must obtain the necessary instruction on EVM principles and practices if EVM is to be implemented successfully. This will make it possible for them to precisely measure and evaluate cost data, to efficiently track cost performance, and to proactively deal with any cost-related problems that might emerge throughout the project. We will be able to retain financial control, make wise judgments, and guarantee that the SmartBooks project stays under budget limitations by adopting a strict and methodical approach to measuring project expenses with EVM. </p>

== Reporting Format ==

<p> The Reporting Format section of the Cost Management Plan outlines how cost information will be documented, presented, and communicated to stakeholders throughout the SmartBooks project. Effective reporting is crucial for transparency, accountability, and informed decision-making regarding project costs. The reporting format will include regular cost performance reports that provide a snapshot of the project's financial status. These reports will typically include key cost metrics, such as the Cost Performance Index (CPI), Schedule Performance Index (SPI), Cost Variance (CV), Schedule Variance (SV), and Estimate at Completion (EAC). The reports will also highlight any significant cost deviations, trends, or risks that may impact on the project's budget. </p>

<p> The frequency of cost reporting will be determined based on the project's needs and the level of detail required by stakeholders. As a general guideline, we anticipate providing monthly cost reports to the project team, project sponsors, and other relevant stakeholders. However, for critical milestones, budget reviews, or major cost fluctuations, additional ad-hoc reports may be generated to ensure timely and comprehensive communication. </p>

<p> Moreover, the cost reports' layout will be clear, concise, and simple to comprehend. To effectively show the data, visual aids like graphs and charts will be used. In order to help stakeholders evaluate the project's financial performance and make wise cost management decisions, the reports will compare projected costs, actual costs, and earned value. The reports will also point out any cost-related concerns, mitigation techniques, and suggested solutions to any problems with the budget.  </p>

<p> After, we will create open lines of contact for stakeholders to answer any queries, worries, or requests for further cost information, in addition to providing regular cost updates. As a result, stakeholders will have timely access to reliable cost data, and cost management talks will take place in a collaborative setting. We want to promote transparency, enable proactive decision-making, and keep stakeholders' faith in the financial management of the SmartBooks project by offering thorough and consistent cost information. </p>

== Cost Variance Response Process == 

<p> The control thresholds and measures to be implemented in the event that the project's cost variance exceeds the predefined limitations are established by the Cost Management Plan for SmartBooks' Cost Variance Response Process. This procedure guarantees that corrective actions are taken promptly and appropriately to handle any budget variances and get the project back on track. When the project triggers a control threshold, the Project Manager will conduct a thorough analysis of the cost variance, identifying the root causes and potential mitigation strategies. The Project Manager will then present the findings and proposed options for corrective action to the Project Sponsor for review and approval. </p> 

<p> The response process may involve several potential actions to address the cost variance. These actions could include: </p>

<ul> 
<li> <b> Increasing the budget: </b> The project manager may suggest raising the project's budget to account for the extra costs if the cost difference is due to unanticipated charges or changes in project requirements. The Project Sponsor would need to approve this choice, and the project's financial viability would need to be reevaluated. </li> 
<li> <b> Reducing scope or quality: </b> The project manager may suggest decreasing the scope or quality of some project deliverables if the cost variance is large and cannot be accommodated within the current budget. This strategy tries to optimize the remaining budget and reallocate resources to match the project's goals. </li>
<li> <b> Adjusting resource allocation: </b> A different choice is to evaluate how resources are allocated within the project. In order to maximize cost utilization and reduce the cost variance, the project manager might suggest reallocating resources from non-critical tasks to those that are. </li>
<li> <b> Seeking alternative funding sources: </b> To overcome the cost variance, the project manager may occasionally look into alternate funding options or cost-sharing agreements with pertinent stakeholders or sponsors. </li>
</ul>

<p> The specific corrective action taken will depend on the nature and severity of the cost variance, project priorities, and the overall project objectives. The Project Sponsor will review the proposed options and provide approval for the chosen corrective action, ensuring that the project's budget is effectively managed and aligned with the project's goals. </p>

== Cost Change Control Process ==

<p> The Cost Change Control Process for SmartBooks aligns with the project's overall change control process to effectively manage and control any changes that may impact the project's cost baseline. This process ensures that changes to the project's costs are carefully reviewed, evaluated, and approved in a controlled manner. </p>

<p> When a change request that impacts project costs is identified, it will follow the established change control process. The Cost Change Control Process includes the following steps: </p>

<ul> 
<li> <b> Change Identification: </b> Any suggested modifications that might affect the project's costs are noted and documented. This might entail alterations to the project's scope, schedule, resources, or other elements that directly affect project costs. </li> 
<li> <b> Change Request Documentation: </b> The change request is supported by documentation that clearly outlines the requested modification, its justification, and any potential effects it might have on project costs. Financial analysis or cost estimates may also be presented as supporting material. </li>
<li> <b> Change Evaluation: </b> The Project Manager, Cost Control Team, and other suitable project participants analyze the change request along with other pertinent stakeholders. The evaluation measures the overall alignment with the project's goals, risks, rewards, and potential financial consequences. </li>
<li> <b> Cost Impact Analysis: </b> To determine the projected impact of the proposed change on the project's cost baseline, a thorough analysis is carried out. This analysis considers both the direct and indirect cost consequences, taking into consideration things like the need for additional resources, changes to the procurement process, and any potential cost savings or cost overruns. </li>
<li> <b> Change Approval: </b> The Change Control Board or the designated authority appointed to approve changes is presented with the change request and its related cost impact study. The project's goals, restrictions, and resources available are taken into account as the board assesses the change request using predetermined criteria. Whether the change is approved and whether the cost baseline will be modified as a result depends on the approval decision. </li>
<li> <b> Cost Baseline Update: </b> The Cost Control Team updates the project's cost baseline to reflect the approved adjustments if the change request is approved. By doing this, it is made sure that the project's financial plans, budget allocations, and cost projections appropriately account for the modified scope and associated costs. </li>
</ul>

<p> It is essential to maintain proper documentation throughout the Cost Change Control Process, including records of change requests, cost impact analyses, and approval decisions. This helps maintain transparency, accountability, and a comprehensive audit trail of all changes affecting the project's costs. By following this well-defined Cost Change Control Process, SmartBooks ensures that changes impacting project costs are effectively evaluated, controlled, and documented, promoting financial accountability and maintaining alignment with the project's budgetary objectives. </p>

== Project Budget ==

<p> The Project Budget for SmartBooks outlines the estimated costs required to successfully execute the project and achieve its objectives. The budget is categorized into various cost elements, and the total project cost is targeted to be 350,000 pesos. The budget allocation for each category is as follows: </p>

<ul> 
<li> <b> Personnel Costs: </b> ₱150,000 </li>
<p> ## This includes the salaries, wages, and benefits of the project team members and any additional resources dedicated to the project. </p> 
<li> <b> Software Development: </b> ₱80,000 </li>
<p> This category covers the costs associated with developing and implementing the SmartBooks software solution, including any licensing fees, development tools, and third-party software components. </p>
<li> <b> Hardware and Infrastructure: </b> ₱50,000 </li>
<p> This includes the procurement and setup of any hardware equipment and infrastructure required to support the SmartBooks system, such as servers, networking devices, and storage devices. </p>
<li> <b> Training and Documentation: </b> ₱40,000 </li>
<p> This category encompasses the costs related to training the project team, end-users, and stakeholders on how to effectively use the SmartBooks system. It also includes the development and distribution of project documentation and user manuals. </p>
<li> <b> Contingency Reserve: </b> ₱30,000 </li>
<p> A contingency reserve is set aside to account for unforeseen risks or changes that may arise during the project. It allows for flexibility in managing any unexpected expenses. </p>

<p> Taking into account all of the aforementioned areas, the expected project budget 350,000 pesos. In order to achieve effective cost management and adherence to budgetary limits, it is vital to emphasize that the budget is subject to periodic review and revision over the course of the project. </p>

= Schedule Management Plan = 

== Introduction == 
<p> The Schedule Management Plan, which acts as a road map for successfully managing and controlling the project schedule, is an essential part of the SmartBooks project. This plan includes the methods, strategies, and duties required to create, maintain, and manage the project's schedule from the beginning to the end. The timely delivery of project milestones, the coordination of activities, and the allocation of resources depend on effective schedule management. </p>

<p> This plan's goal is to offer a thorough framework for controlling the project schedule and making sure that it stays in line with the project's goals, limitations, and available resources. It defines standards for schedule development, checkpoints, and protocols for dealing with schedule modifications or variations. This strategy will enable the project team to manage time more effectively, improve stakeholder cooperation, and actively reduce schedule risks. </p>

<p> Lastly, the schedule management strategy, schedule control, schedule change management, and threshold restrictions are only a few of the topics covered by the schedule management plan. It also describes the duties and functions of important project team members engaged in schedule management operations. Throughout the project's lifespan, this plan intends to promote effective communication, stakeholder participation, and collaboration. This will ensure that the SmartBooks project is delivered successfully and within the established time restrictions. </p>

== Schedule Management Approach == 

<p> The schedule management approach for the SmartBooks project will follow a structured and collaborative process to ensure effective schedule development and management. The project team will utilize a project management software tool, such as Microsoft Project, to create and maintain the project schedule. This tool will enable the team to efficiently track and update project tasks, dependencies, and milestones. </p>

<p> In addition, development process will involve close collaboration among key stakeholders, including the project manager, project team members, and relevant stakeholders from the Asia Pacific College Library. The project manager will be responsible for overseeing the schedule development process and ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives and constraints. </p>

<p> Then it will contain milestones to denote important project events, deliverables, and decision points. The project team will be able to keep on track by using these milestones as crucial markers of progress. To make sure that the timeline is reasonable, attainable, and in line with stakeholders' expectations, regular contact and coordination will be maintained. </p>

<p> Roles and responsibilities for schedule development will be clearly defined. The project manager will oversee the overall schedule development process, including task assignment, sequencing, and duration estimation. Project team members will be responsible for providing accurate and timely updates on task progress, dependencies, and any potential schedule impacts. The project manager will also collaborate with stakeholders to validate and finalize the schedule, ensuring that it reflects their requirements and constraints. </p>

== Schedule Control == 

<p> The SmartBooks project's schedule will be thoroughly watched and managed the entire time to guarantee that all activities and milestones are finished on time. The following procedures and methods will be used to effectively control the schedule: </p>

<ul> 
<li> <b> Schedule Updates and Reviews: </b>  The project schedule will be regularly updated to reflect actual progress and any changes or adjustments to the project plan. Updates will be performed on a weekly basis to capture the latest status of tasks, milestones, and dependencies. Additionally, comprehensive schedule reviews will be conducted at key project milestones to assess the overall progress and identify any potential deviations from the planned schedule. </li>
<li> <b> Communication and Reporting: </b> Clear and concise communication channels will be established to share schedule updates, progress reports, and any schedule-related information with relevant stakeholders. The project manager will be responsible for providing regular updates to the project team, key stakeholders, and management. Progress reports will include information on completed tasks, upcoming milestones, critical path analysis, and any schedule variances or risks. </li>
<li> <b> Roles and Responsibilities: </b> The project manager will have overall responsibility for schedule control, including monitoring and tracking project progress against the schedule. The project team members will be responsible for providing accurate and timely updates on task completion and any potential delays or issues that may impact the schedule. Key stakeholders will be actively engaged in reviewing and approving schedule changes, as well as providing input on any necessary adjustments to maintain project timelines. </li>
<li> <b> Schedule Change Control: </b> Any changes to the project schedule will follow the established change control process. This process will involve evaluating the impact of proposed changes on the schedule, including resource availability, dependencies, and overall project objectives. Changes will be assessed for their feasibility, and appropriate approval and documentation will be obtained before implementing any modifications to the schedule. </li>
</ul>

== Schedule Changes and Thresholds == 

<p> To maintain control over the project schedule and ensure alignment with the project objectives, the SmartBooks project establishes schedule changes and thresholds. The following guidelines and thresholds will be implemented: </p>

<ul> 
<li> <b> Boundary Conditions: </b> The project sponsor, in collaboration with the project manager, will define the initial schedule parameters and boundary conditions. These boundary conditions serve as the baseline for the project's schedule and represent the expected timeline for project completion. Any changes to the schedule that exceed these boundary conditions must go through a formal change control process. </li>
<li> <b> Change Threshold: </b> The project has established a change threshold of 10% for schedule changes. This means that any proposed schedule change that exceeds a 10% deviation from the baseline schedule will require a schedule change request to be submitted. The project sponsor will review and approve schedule change requests based on their impact, feasibility, and alignment with project objectives. </li>
<li> <b> Schedule Change Request: </b> When a schedule change is anticipated or required, the project team member responsible for the task or activity must submit a schedule change request. This request should include details such as the reason for the change, the proposed adjustments to the schedule, the potential impact on other tasks or milestones, and any necessary supporting documentation. </li>
<li> <b> Schedule Change Approval: </b> The project sponsor will evaluate each schedule change request based on its merits and alignment with the project objectives. The approval decision will consider factors such as the overall impact on project timelines, resource availability, budget implications, and potential risks. Only approved schedule changes will be implemented. </li>
</ul>

<p> Please note that the specific threshold and change management process can be tailored according to the project's requirements and in consultation with relevant stakeholders and project sponsors. </p>

== Scope Change ==

<p> The project timetable may be affected by approved modifications to the project's scope and may need to be adjusted. Modifications to the project's scope may result in the addition of deliverables, specifications, or other elements that were not initially planned for in the baseline timeline. The project manager and team must carefully assess the impact of such changes on the schedule and its resources as the project moves forward. </p> 

<ul> 
<li> <b> Evaluation of Scope Change: </b> When a scope change is proposed or approved, the project manager will assess its potential impact on the project schedule. This evaluation will consider factors such as the added work effort, resources required, dependencies with existing tasks, and overall schedule feasibility. </li>

<li> <b> Schedule Impact Analysis: </b> The project team, in collaboration with relevant stakeholders, will conduct a comprehensive analysis to determine how the scope change will affect the project schedule. This analysis will include assessing the duration, sequencing, and resource allocation for the impacted tasks or deliverables. </li>

<li> <b> Re-baselining Schedule: </b> If the approved scope change significantly impacts the project schedule, it may be necessary to re-baseline the schedule. Re-baselining involves updating the project's baseline schedule to reflect the revised scope and associated timeline. This ensures that the project remains aligned with the updated objectives and requirements. </li>

<li> <b> Communication and Stakeholder Engagement: </b> Throughout the scope change process, effective communication with stakeholders is crucial. The project manager will keep stakeholders informed about the proposed scope changes, their impact on the schedule, and any adjustments made to the baseline schedule. Stakeholder engagement will help manage expectations and ensure alignment with the project's objectives. </li>
</ul>

<p> Please note that the scope change process and its integration with the project schedule may vary based on the specific requirements and dynamics of the SmartBooks project. </p> 

= Work Breakdown Structure = 

== Introduction == 

<p> The Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) is a hierarchical breakdown of the project's deliverables and work activities that provides a framework for organizing and managing the project. For the SmartBooks project, which aims to optimize book and eBook acquisition and utilization in Asia Pacific College Library, the WBS is a critical component that helps to ensure the project is completed on time, within budget, and meets the requirements of stakeholders. The WBS identifies all the necessary tasks, resources, and dependencies required to complete the project successfully, allowing for efficient planning and management of the project from start to finish. </p> 

== Hierarchical Structure == 

<table> 

<tr> 
<th> Level </th>
<th> WBS Code </th>
<th> Element Name </th>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 1 </td>
<td> 1 </td>
<td> SmartBooks Utilization in Asia Pacific College Library </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.1 </td>
<td> Requirements Analysis </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.1.1 </td>
<td> Define project requirements </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.1.2 </td>
<td> Gather and analyze user requirements </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.1.3 </td>
<td> Determine project scope and constraints </td>
</tr>


<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.2 </td>
<td> Design </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.1 </td>
<td> Create a design document </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.2 </td>
<td> Determine the database schema </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.3 </td>
<td> Create wireframes for the user interface </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.4 </td>
<td> Design the system architecture </td>
</tr>


<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.3 </td>
<td> Development </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.1 </td>
<td> Set up the development environment </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.2 </td>
<td> Develop the user interface </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.3 </td>
<td> Create the database schema </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.4 </td>
<td> Develop the backend functionality </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.5 </td>
<td> Integrate SmartBooks with the existing Library website </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.4 </td>
<td> Testing </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.1 </td>
<td> Develop a test plan </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.2 </td>
<td> Conduct unit testing </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.3 </td>
<td> Conduct integration testing </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.4 </td>
<td> Conduct system testing </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.5 </td>
<td> Conduct user acceptance testing </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.5 </td>
<td> Deployment </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.1 </td>
<td> Create a deployment plan </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.2 </td>
<td> Prepare the production environment </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.3 </td>
<td> Install SmartBooks in the production environment </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.4 </td>
<td> Perform system testing in the production environment </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.6 </td>
<td> Maintenance and Support </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.1 </td>
<td> Provide user training </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.2 </td>
<td> Monitor system performance </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.3 </td>
<td> Provide ongoing technical support </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.4 </td>
<td> Perform system maintenance </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.5 </td>
<td> Address user feedback and feature requests </td>
</tr>

</table>

== Tree Structure View == 

<b> SmartBooks </b>
# Requirement Analysis
## Define Project requirements
## Gather and analyze user requirements
## Determine project scope and constraints
# Design
## Create a design document
## Determine the database schema
## Create wireframes for the user interface
## Design the system architecture
# Development 
## Set up the development environment
## Develop the user interface
## Create the database schema
## Develop the backend functionality
## Integrate Smartbooks with the existing Library website 
# Testing
## Develop a test plan
## Conduct unit testing
## Conduct integration Testing
## Conduct system testing 
## Conduct user acceptance testing
# Deployment
## Create a deployment plan
## Prepare the production environment
## Install Smartbooks in the production environment
## Perform system testing in the production environment
# Maintenance and Support
## Provide user training
## Monitor system performance
## Provide ongoing technical support
## Perform system maintenance
## Address user feedback and feature requests

<b> SmartBooks </b>
# Requirement Analysis
## Define Project requirements
## Gather and analyze user requirements
## Determine project scope and constraints
# Design
## Create a design document
## Determine the database schema
## Create wireframes for the user interface
## Design the system architecture
# Development 
## Set up the development environment
## Develop the user interface
## Create the database schema
## Develop the backend functionality
## Integrate Smartbooks with the existing Library website 
# Testing
## Develop a test plan
## Conduct unit testing
## Conduct integration Testing
## Conduct system testing 
## Conduct user acceptance testing
# Deployment
## Create a deployment plan
## Prepare the production environment
## Install Smartbooks in the production environment
## Perform system testing in the production environment
# Maintenance and Support
## Provide user training
## Monitor system performance
## Provide ongoing technical support
## Perform system maintenance
## Address user feedback and feature requests

== WBS Dictionary ==

<table> 

<tr> 
<th> Level </th>
<th> WBS Code </th>
<th> Element Name </th>
<th> Definition </th>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 1 </td>
<td> 1 </td>
<td> SmartBooks Utilization in Asia Pacific College Library </td>
<td> SmartBooks is a digital platform that utilizes data analytics and visualization to provide insights into patterns and trends in student usage of a library's resources. Its purpose is to optimize the library's operations and enhance the user experience. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.1 </td>
<td> Requirements Analysis </td>
<td> The process of identifying and documenting the needs and constraints of stakeholders for a project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.1.1 </td>
<td> Define project requirements </td>
<td> Process of translating the needs and constraints into specific, measurable, and achievable requirements for a project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.1.2 </td>
<td> Gather and analyze user requirements </td>
<td> Collecting and evaluating the needs and constraints of end-users for a project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.1.3 </td>
<td> Determine project scope and constraints </td>
<td> Identifying and defining the boundaries and limitations of a project. </td>
</tr>


<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.2 </td>
<td> Design </td>
<td> The work for the planning process for the project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.1 </td>
<td> Create a design document </td>
<td> The process of creating a plan or blueprint for the project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.2 </td>
<td> Determine the database schema </td>
<td> Document that outlines the design and functionality of the project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.3 </td>
<td> Create wireframes for the user interface </td>
<td> Defining the structure, constraints and relationships of the project's database. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.4 </td>
<td> Design the system architecture </td>
<td> Visual representation of the project's user interface. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.2.5 </td>
<td> Create a data flow diagram </td>
<td> Creating a high-level plan for the technical components of the project. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.3 </td>
<td> Development </td>
<td> The process of building and testing the project's functionality and features. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.1 </td>
<td> Set up the development environment </td>
<td> Creating the necessary tools and resources to begin development. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.2 </td>
<td> Develop the user interface </td>
<td> Creating the visual and interactive elements that users will interact with. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.3 </td>
<td> Create the database schema </td>
<td> Defining the structure, constraints, and relationships of the project's database. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.4 </td>
<td> Develop the backend functionality </td>
<td> Building the code that supports the project's features and functionality. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.3.5 </td>
<td> Integrate SmartBooks with the existing Library website </td>
<td> The process of building and testing the project's functionality and features. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.4 </td>
<td> Integrate SmartBooks with the existing Library website </td>
<td> The process of evaluating a system or component with the intent of finding and resolving defects. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.1 </td>
<td> Integrate SmartBooks with the existing Library website </td>
<td> Document outlining the testing approach, scope, objectives and schedules. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.2 </td>
<td> Conduct unit testing </td>
<td> Testing individual units or components of the project to ensure they function as expected. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.3 </td>
<td> Conduct integration testing </td>
<td> Testing how different components of the project work together to ensure they function as expected. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.4 </td>
<td> Conduct system testing </td>
<td> Testing the system as a whole to ensure it meets the project requirements. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.4.5 </td>
<td> Conduct user acceptance testing </td>
<td> Testing the system by end-users to ensure it meets their needs and requirements. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.5 </td>
<td> Deployment </td>
<td> The process of delivering the software product into the operational environment. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.1 </td>
<td> Create a deployment plan </td>
<td> A plan that outlines the steps to deploy the software product into the operational environment. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.2 </td>
<td> Prepare the production environment </td>
<td> Setting up the hardware, software, and network infrastructure to support the deployed software product. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.3 </td>
<td> Install SmartBooks in the production environment </td>
<td> The process of installing SmartBooks software in the operational environment. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.5.4 </td>
<td> Perform system testing in the production environment </td>
<td> Testing the software product in the operational environment to ensure that it meets the specified requirements. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 2 </td>
<td> 1.6 </td>
<td> Maintenance and Support </td>
<td> All project related files and documents are formally archived. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.1 </td>
<td> Provide user training </td>
<td> The ongoing process of providing updates, fixing bugs, and offering technical assistance to ensure the smooth operation of a system or software. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.2 </td>
<td> Monitor system performance </td>
<td> Educating users on how to use the system. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.3 </td>
<td> Provide ongoing technical support </td>
<td> Regularly checking system performance and identifying any issues. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.4 </td>
<td> Perform system maintenance </td>
<td> Offering continuous technical assistance to users of the system. </td>
</tr>

<tr> 
<td> 3 </td>
<td> 1.6.5 </td>
<td> Address user feedback and feature requests </td>
<td> Conducting regular maintenance activities to ensure system stability and performance. </td>
</tr>

</table>

== Glossary of Terms == 

<ul>
<li> <b> Smartbooks </b> - An online platform that provides insights and statistics about the usage patterns of students in the Asia Pacific College Library. </li> 
<li> <b> Dashboard </b> - A visual display of data that provides real-time insights into key performance indicators. </li> 
<li> <b> Usage patterns </b> - The behavior of students in the library, including the number of books borrowed, frequency of visits, and other metrics. </li> 
<li> <b> Quality Checklists </b> - Lists of criteria used to ensure that the deliverables meet the required quality standards. </li> 
</ul>

