=Project Title=
<b><font size="5"><p style="text-align:center">E-CLINIQ</p></font></b>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Adviser==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Roselle Wednesday L. Gardon</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">roselleg@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Darcy Kaizer L. Medina</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">dlmedina@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">John Angel Manahan</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jmmanahan@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Kurt Jordan Cadenas</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">kvcadenas@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jan Patrick Navarette</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jmnavarrete@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Churchill Capagngan</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">cbcapagngan@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

=Company Profile=
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Registered Name</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Registered Name</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Address</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">3 Humabon Place, Magallanes Makati City, 1232</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Telephone Number</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+632) 852 9232 loc. 420</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Email</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">anamaet@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Line of Business</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Health Service Provider</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Type of Customers</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Patients (APC Students, Faculty, Staff, Employee)</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Year Established</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">1991</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Administrator</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jojo F. Castillo</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Number of Employees</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">1</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<p>The APC Medical Clinic is a healthy facility under the institution, Asia Pacific College, that provides medical services to students. These services can include physical and mental health care and are provided by a professionally prepared school nurse which is Ms. Ana Mae Torre along with APC’s affiliated Doctor and Dentist.
</p>

=Business Case=
==Executive Summary==
==Issue==
<p>The current system of Asia Pacific College’s Clinic for managing health records and inventory is inefficient and time-consuming because of this it is negatively impacting the efficiency and effectiveness of the health services we provide to the students and faculty. The process of managing physical records is consuming valuable clinic space and is prone to errors, while the lack of a scheduling system has resulted in walk-in patients and long queues, creating an unsatisfactory experience for patients. The process for generating summary reports of services is also time-consuming and requires significant manual effort. Additionally, the current communication process for notifying students of appointment cancellations is inadequate, leading to confusion and frustration among our student population. To address these issues and improve the overall management of health records, scheduling, and communication, it is necessary to implement a new and improved system that will streamline these processes, reduce errors, and enhance the overall experience to not only the patients but also the clinic.</p>

==Anticipated Outcomes==
<p>The proposed project to digitize the health record system and add a scheduling system is expected to result in significant improvements in the efficiency and effectiveness of the health services provided by the APC clinic. By implementing features such as CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations for health records, the system will provide a faster and more accurate management of health records generated by the clinic's services such as student physical check-ups, dental examinations, consultations, first aid, and emergency treatment. The new system will enable clinic staff to easily access and update patient records, reducing the time required for record-keeping and allowing for more efficient patient care.
<br><br>
The addition of a scheduling system with a table and calendar view of appointment schedules will allow users to manage their appointments, avoiding scheduling conflicts and reducing wait times easily and efficiently for walk-in patients. As a result, the overall experience for students and faculty using the clinic's services is expected to improve significantly, leading to increased satisfaction and a higher level of trust in the clinic's ability to provide quality care. Furthermore, the digitization of health records will allow for easier sharing of information with other medical providers, as well as a more secure and efficient system for storing and accessing records. The project is anticipated to result in a more streamlined and effective health record and scheduling system, improving the clinic's ability to provide high-quality health services to its student population, and enabling the clinic to better serve the healthcare needs of the campus community.
</p>


==Recommendation==
<p>
Based on the analysis of the current health record and scheduling system, it is recommended that Asia Pacific College invest in a new digitized health record and scheduling system. This new system will eliminate physical records, free up valuable clinic space, and enable easier sharing of information with other medical providers. In addition, the implementation of a scheduling system with a table and calendar view of appointment schedules will reduce wait times for patients and improve the overall experience for students.
<br><br>
While SMS notification was not implemented due to budget constraints, it is recommended that APC implement it, if possible, to further improve patient experience and streamline communication with students regarding their appointments. Despite this limitation, the recommended investment in this project is still expected to result in significant improvements in the efficiency and effectiveness of the health services provided by Asia Pacific College's clinic, leading to increased satisfaction and a higher level of trust in the clinic's ability to provide quality care. Therefore, it is recommended that Asia Pacific College move forward with the proposed project and allocate the necessary resources to ensure its successful implementation.
</p>


==Justification==
<p>The proposed project to digitize the health record system and add a scheduling system is necessary to address the current inefficiencies and limitations in the clinic's health record and scheduling processes. The current system is time-consuming and error-prone, leading to long wait times for walk-in patients, physical records that consume valuable clinic space, and a lack of timely communication with students regarding appointment cancellations. The absence of a scheduling system has resulted in an unmanageable queue of patients and has caused students to walk in for their physical and dental check-ups, which is not an optimal solution. Furthermore, the manual process of generating summary reports of services is time-consuming, which detracts from the quality of patient care and limits the clinic's ability to respond to the healthcare needs of the campus community.
<br><br>
The proposed project will address these issues by providing faster and more efficient management of health records generated by the clinic's services, such as student physical check-ups, dental examinations, consultations, first aid, emergency treatment. The digitization of health records will eliminate the need for physical records and free up valuable clinic space while enabling easier sharing of information with other medical providers. The addition of a scheduling system will reduce wait times for patients and provide a more efficient way of managing appointments, avoiding scheduling conflicts and improving the overall experience for students. These improvements are expected to lead to increased satisfaction and a higher level of trust in the clinic's ability to provide quality care, enhancing the reputation of the clinic and the university.
</p>


==Business Case Analysis Team==

<p>Table 1 demonstrates the groups comprising experts who will collaborate to develop the plan, and their specific responsibilities in the project are the following:</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESCRIPTION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Oversee the business case and be responsible for executing the project.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">John Angel Manahan</p></td>
	</tr>
        <tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Quality Assurance Analyst</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Assigned for quality assurance. Assist in monitoring and guiding the project toward successful completion.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Kurt Jordan Cadenas</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team Member</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Provide technical support for the project.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jan Patrick Navarrete</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team Member</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Provide technical support for the project. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Churchill Capagngan</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team Member</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Provide technical support for the project./p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Darcy Kaizer Medina</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Executive Sponsor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Provide guidance to the project.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jojo F. Castillo</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Problem Definition==
<p> <b>Problem Statement</b></p>
<p>Asia Pacific College’s Clinic is encountering problems when it comes to handling patient records, that includes managing and organizing the records due that the current method they are using on making the records are through traditional means of pen and paper. This kind of method can be prone to human error or data loss as paper type record can be vulnerable to damages from accidents such as water spill, crumpling, and misplacement. This is also relevant for the inventory record as they need to manually update the clinic’s inventory to track the items being distributed to the patient in need.
<br><br>
One thing the clinic staff is concerned about is the number of people who will undergo medical exams during the enrollment period, as Asia Pacific College clinic only has a small amount of workforce and can be overrun by the people. This can cause delays for the people who wish to enroll.</p>


<p><b>Organizational Impact</b></p>
<p>The implementation of this project could have a significant impact on the clinic of Asia Pacific College as it will allow the staff to organize the records and reduce the time spent looking for specific data. This also reduces the staff's workload and organizes the queuing of patients coming to the clinic. Overall, this project will be able to digitize the clinic of Asia Pacific College, making their work more efficient without overthinking that much on human-related errors.</p>

<p><b>Technology Migration</b></p>
<p>The migration process of existing physical records will undergo scanning by the staff, while the database will be integrated into Asia Pacific College’s Database.</p>

==Project Overview==
<p><b>Project Description</b></p>
<p>The goal of the project is to digitize the handling of health records in Asia Pacific College’s clinic, that would allow the staff to monitor, organize, and update the said records. As well as having an appointment system to control the patient’s queue, avoiding the time consumed for the patient side as well as minimizing the crowd that will fall in line in the clinic. This will also provide an inventory system where the clinic staff can monitor the stock of medicine and ask for a requisition request when needed.<p>

<p><b>Goals and Objectives</b></p>
<p>E-Cliniq aims to automate the record-keeping processes and add an appointment system to Asia Pacific College’s clinic, which would improve the efficiency and handling time of processes. This system addresses the common business problem of unorganized queues, manual record-keeping, and inventory management, which can lead to human errors. By implementing the system, the school’s clinic can achieve the following objectives:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Lessen the time when fetching health records from the tables in the system</li>
  <li>Migrate 100% of patient records to a digital database integrated to the existing database of Asia Pacific College.</li>
  <li>Inventory of medicine would be tracked digitally for restocking and management.</li>
  <li>Provide a way to schedule appointments online which will also give notifications</li>
  <li>Provide user training to the clinic staff to ensure effective implementation and adoption of the system.</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Project Performance</b></p>
<p>The system project will be considered successful if it achieves the following performance metrics:<p>
<ul>
  <li><b>Quick fetching of records and security of records:</b> This could be measured by the seconds it will take to search for a health record compared to searching for it in the filing cabinets.</li>
  <li><b>Reduction of paper used:</b>This could be measured when the health records are migrated 100% to the digital database integrated into the existing database of Asia Pacific College.</li>
  <li><b>Decrease inventory management time:</b>This could be measured by the seconds it will take to manage the inventory compared to the hours it will take to manually count all the stocks.</li>
  <li><b>Better appointment experience:</b>This could be measured through how many people will queue in a day compared to how many people walk in when there was no appointment system implemented.</li>
  <li><b>Effective implementation: </b> This could be measured by comparing the cost of maintaining the integrated platform compared to efficiency of it.</li>
  <li><b>User adoption:</b> This could be measured by the percentage of users actively using the integrated system.</li>
</ul>
<p>The E-Cliniq project will be deemed successful if it meets these performance measures, accomplishing its objectives of increasing operational effectiveness and improving patient experience in Asia Pacific College's clinic.</p>

<p><b>Project Assumptions</b></p>
<p>Here are the preliminary assumptions to the proposed system:</p>
<ol type="a">
    <li>The project team will have access to all data and materials from the clinic required for the system's development, design, and implementation.</li>
    <li>Asia Pacific College will be the one to implement the system, which has reliable internet connectivity and appropriate hardware and software to support the digital platform.</li>
    <li>The clinic staff and patients are willing to adopt and learn the new system, with minimal resistance to change.</li>
    <li>The project team possesses the technical and management skills required to build and implement the system on schedule, within budget, and with the least possible interference with the school clinics' regular operations.</li>
    <li>The system will abide by all applicable data privacy and security laws, protecting the privacy and accuracy of patient records.</li>
    <li>The system will be scalable to accommodate future growth and changes in the needs of dental clinics.</li>
    <li>The system will integrate with the school’s database to synchronize student data to the application.</li>
    <li>Both clinic personnel and patients will benefit from the system's user-friendly interface, which will require little training to operate properly.</li>
  </ol>

<p><b>Project Constraints</b></p>
<p>Here are the preliminary constraints to the proposed system:</p>
<ol>
  <li>The system is not 100% working at the moment, which may cause some delay in the deployment of the system.</li>
  <li>E-Cliniq must be able to integrate with the existing system of the school, which is the RAMS portal, the project team needs to communicate with the developers working on the RAMS portal to be able to integrate the database to the system.</li>
  <li>Data privacy and security must comply with the privacy and security regulations the school implements with all the data that circulates within their system.</li>
  <li>The system must be user-friendly and accessible to the clinic staff, patients, and other relevant stakeholders by providing features that will allow the users to access the system anytime, and anywhere.</li>
  <li>The system must be user-friendly and accessible to the clinic staff, patients, and other relevant stakeholders by providing features that will allow the users to access the system anytime, and anywhere.</li>
  <li>Development, implementation, and maintenance of E-Cliniq requires investment such as being able to send over notifications and alerts through SMS that will consume cellular load. The project should be carefully budgeted to ensure that it can be used by the clinic with small cost but high efficiency.</li>
</ol>

<p><b>Major Project Milestones</b></p>
<p>Here are the major project milestones to the proposed system:</p>
<ol>
  <li>Interview and assessment with the client and nurse to identify what features are needed in the system and other things such as workflow, data collection, and reporting needs by April 29, 2022</li>
  <li>Designing and developing the E-Cliniq system which includes an easy-to-understand user interface, data entry, storage, and retrieval feature. The system should be designed to meet the specific needs of the school clinic by May 16, 2023.</li>
  <li>Have the system be tested by the relevant stakeholders that will regularly use the said application in development to ensure that the requirements are met and working as intended which may include user acceptance testing and functional testing by May 23, 2023.</li>
  <li>Implementation of E-Cliniq and provide proper training to operate the system properly to clinic staff and other relevant stakeholders by May 31, 2023</li>
  <li>Migrate existing paper records to the system and integrate the database of RAMS portal to E-Cliniq to ensure that the data is up to date by June 7, 2023.</li>
  <li>Launching the system for the school to use by June 10, 2023.</li>
  <li>Maintenance and updates on E-Cliniq which includes bug fixing, adding features as needed, troubleshooting, and addressing user feedback by June 26, 2023, onwards.</li>
</ol>

==Strategic Alignment==
<p>By aligning the E-Cliniq system with the overall goals and objectives of Asia Pacific College’s clinic, the clinic will be able to maximize efficiency and increase productivity of the stakeholders involved and it will ensure that it will contribute to the long-term plans of the clinic.</p>

<p><b>APC’s clinic aims to digitize all existing and future medical records of students and employees.</b>
<br><br>
The system project aligns with this goal by having an online repository of all existing medical records by having them scanned to the system and all future medical records which will help the clinic save space and search for records in a timely manner. The project will contribute to the overall success of the clinic and help them become efficient.</p>

<p><b>APC’s clinic aims to continuously innovate and improve the services they provide to meet the changing needs of the patients.</b>
<br><br>
The system project aligns with this goal by digitizing processes that the clinic used to do manually which will allow the clinic staff to effectively minimize search times of records and manage appointments to avoid long queues of walk-in patients. With this, the project will help the clinic be competitive and efficient. 
</p>

<p><b>APC’s clinic aims to enhance the satisfaction of the patients</b>
<br><br>
The project aligns with this goal by improving the experience of patients in terms of quality and time spent queueing to the clinic which will help minimize queues and maximize the quality of services. With this, the project will continue to satisfy the patients of APC’s clinic.
</p>

==Cost Benefit Analysis==
<p>To assess the feasibility of the proposed project to digitize the health record system and add a scheduling system to Asia Pacific College's clinic, a cost benefit analysis has been conducted. This analysis aims to compare the costs associated with implementing the project against the anticipated benefits it is expected to bring.</p>

<p><b>Benefits</b></p>
<ul>
<li><b>Save Time Finding Records:</b>The digitized health record system and scheduling system are expected to significantly reduce the time and effort required for managing records, generating reports, and scheduling appointments. This will result in improved efficiency and productivity for the clinic nurse.</li>
<li><b>Improved record-keeping:</b>The system will improve the accuracy and security of patient records, reducing the risk of errors and loss of records.</li>
<li><b>Enhanced patient experience:</b>The new system will enable easier appointment scheduling, and provide timely notifications to patients, resulting in a better overall experience for students and faculty using the clinic's services.</li>
<li><b>Saves Room Space:</b>By eliminating most of the physical records and implementing a digital system, valuable clinic space will be freed up for other storage of clinic equipment.</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Cost</b></p>
<ul>
<li><b>Ongoing maintenance costs:</b>Once the system is implemented, there will be ongoing costs associated with maintaining and supporting the system, including bug fixes, updates, and technical support.</li>
<li><b>Operational costs: </b>The cost of operating the system, including internet connectivity and there may be licensing or subscription costs for software and cloud storage services.</li>
<li><b>Development and implementation costs:</b>This includes the cost of developing the digital health record and scheduling system, which involves software development, database integration, and user interface design. Additionally, there may be costs associated with training the clinic staff to use the new system effectively.</li>
</ul>


==Alternatives Analysis==
<p>An alternative analysis for E-Cliniq system for Asia Pacific College’s clinic include the following options:</p>
<p><b>Option 1: Do nothing (status quo)</b></p>
<p>In this option, the school would continue to use the traditional system of keeping physical copies of medical records in filing cabinets, have patients walk in regularly, and do inventory manually.
<br><br>
<b>Pros:</b> No upfront costs or disruption to existing processes and systems.
<br><br>
<b>Cons:</b> Potential for ongoing challenges related to the current manual process, including difficulties, and long searching times for specific health records, long queues in the clinic and long times in processing the inventory of the clinic which causes delays and inaccuracy. These issues could result in inefficiency.
</p>


=Project Charter=
==Executive Summary==
<p>Asia Pacific College's clinic is seeking to upgrade its current Health Record System (HRS) by digitizing the system and integrating a better scheduling system. The current system involves physical records stored in filing cabinets, a physical logbook for appointments, and no system for scheduling. The project aims to provide faster management of health records and appointment schedules and include features such as clinic staff login for security solutions, CRUD operations, and a table and calendar view of the appointment schedules. The project also seeks to reduce paper usage by 40-60%, track inventory properly, and generate reports quickly. The project's significance is to address the concerns over the current system and provide better customer service for the nurse, clinic administrators, students, and employees. The proposed system's features include virtual consultation forms, an SMS notification feature, direct scheduling and rescheduling functions, and a generated summary report of clinic services. The project's scope is to provide a digitized solution for the current HRS and scheduling system, and the system will have limitations regarding data input and privacy concerns for medical staff outside the school.</p>

==Project Purpose/Justification==
<p><b>Business Need/case</b></p>

<p>The clinic wishes to improve the quality of patient services by upgrading their health record system to a more efficient and accurate digitized system. The current system has several limitations that result in delayed access to patient information and increased chances of errors. The new system would streamline the process of storing and accessing patient information, reduce the risk of errors, and improve the overall efficiency of the clinic. 
<br><br>
The business case for the clinic is that the upgrade to the health record system would result in several benefits, including improved patient outcomes, increased patient satisfaction, reduced medical errors, and increased efficiency in the clinic's operations. The new system would also allow for better data analysis and reporting, which would enable the clinic to make data-driven decisions and improve its overall performance. Additionally, the upgraded system would be more scalable and adaptable, allowing the clinic to keep pace with changes in healthcare technology and regulations. 
<br><br>
Overall, the business case for the upgrade to the health record system is strong, as it would result in significant improvements to patient care and clinic operations, as well as a potential competitive advantage in the healthcare market.</p>

<p><b>Business Objectives</b></p>
<p>The objective of the clinic as business are as follows:</p>
<ul>
   <li>To enhance the quality of patient services by providing accurate and up-to-date health information in real-time.</li>
   <li>To improve the efficiency of the clinic's operations by reducing administrative tasks and manual processes. </li>
   <li>To ensure compliance with relevant health care regulations and standards.</li>
   <li>To increase patient satisfaction by improving the overall experience of the clinic's services.</li>
</ul>

==Project Description==
<p><b>Project Objectives and Success Criteria</b></p>
<ul>
   <li>To optimize appointment scheduling by implementing an algorithm that evenly distributes patients based on their medical needs, time availability, 
   and preferred healthcare provider, ultimately reducing patient waiting times, avoiding overcrowding, and improving the clinic's efficiency.</li>
   <li>To develop a digital health record system that can efficiently store and retrieve patient records, eliminating the need for physical storage and 
   enabling easy access to patient information.</li>
   <li>To optimize report generation by reducing bottlenecks in the system, resulting in faster generation of patient reports that include appointment 
   and treatment details as well as current medicine inventory levels.</li>
   <li>To provide an email notification feature that provides updates to patients about their appointment schedules, weekly healthcare reminders and 
   other medical information.</li>
</ul>


<p><b>Requirements</b></p>
<p>The functions of the project are implemented within the program. </p>

<p><b>Constraints </b></p>
<p>The application shall provide analytics with basic insights on the clinic services. The developers will not complete data input for all existing health records during the implementation of the project, this task would befall on the clinic staff as they have administrative privileges when it comes to managing sensitive health records of the students. Medical staff, such as dentists and doctors, outside the school would require approval from one of the personnel in the clinic to access the students’ health records for privacy reasons.</p>

<p><b>Assumptions</b></p>
<p>A list of assumptions for the project:</p>
<ul>
   <li>The project team will have access to the necessary hardware and software to implement the new health record system. </li>
   <li>The current data in the old system is accurate and complete and can be effectively migrated to the new system. </li>
   <li>The project will be completed within the allotted time frame, with no major delays or unforeseen issues. </li>
   <li>The new system will be compliant with relevant standards for health record keeping and privacy. </li>
   <li>The end-users will be receptive to the new system and will receive sufficient help to be able to use it effectively.</li>
   <li>The project will not require major changes to existing business processes or workflows. </li>
   <li>The project team will be able to effectively communicate with the clinic staff throughout the project lifecycle to ensure project success.</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Preliminary Scope Statement</b></p>
<p>This project aims to conduct a thorough requirements analysis, systems design, and implementation for Asia Pacific College's clinic health record system. It involves the installation, configuration, testing, and training of the new system, and the migration of data from the old system to the new one while maintaining data accuracy and integrity. The project's objective is to deliver a modern, efficient, and secure system that meets the needs of the healthcare industry and is fully operational for the clinic staff to use effectively. No hardware or infrastructure replacement is included in the project scope.</p>

==Risks==
<p>Here are some high-level risks that could potentially impact the success of the Asia Pacific College's health record system upgrade:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Technical challenges: There could be unforeseen technical issues during the implementation of the new system, which could cause delays in the 
        release such as programmers falling ill or personal emergencies.</li>
	<li>Data privacy and security breaches: The new system will store sensitive health information, which could potentially be targeted by hackers or 
        inadvertently accessed by unauthorized personnel.</li>
	<li>User resistance: There may be hesitation from the college staff/students and medical personnel in adopting the new system due to a lack of familiarity or discomfort with technology.</li>
        <li>Migration issues: The migration of physical records could take more time than anticipated due to the high volume of records already present in the clinic.</li>
        
</ul>

==Project Key Deliverables==
<p>The following deliverables are as follows:</p>
<ul>
	<li>A clinic management system which includes patient record management, appointment management, inventory management, and report generation.</li>
	<li>Complete documentation created during the process.</li>
</ul>

==Summary Milestone Schedule==
<p>The project Summary Milestone Schedule is presented below.  As requirements are more clearly defined this schedule may be modified.  Any changes will be communicated through project status meetings by the project manager. </p>
<table border="1" width="90%" align="center">
   <tr>
      <th>Project Milestone</th>
      <th>Target Date<br>(mm/dd/yyyy)</th>
      </tr>
      <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td>Project Start</td>
      <td>03/25/2022</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Complete Solution Design</td>
      <td>06/13/2022</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Prototype Showcase</td>
      <td>01/23/2023</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Final Project Showcase</td>
      <td>03/03/2023</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Project Complete</td>
      <td>03/05/2023</td>
      </tr>
      </tbody>
</table>
==Summary Budget==
<p><b>List component project costs:</b></p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
   <tr>
      <th></th>
      <th>Duration/Frequency and Trigger</th>
      <th>Total Cost in Php (₱)</th>
      </tr>
      <tbody>
         <tr>
            <td>Direct Costs</td>
         </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Manpower Cost</td>
      <td>9 months</td>
      <td>₱513,000.00</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Maintenance Cost</td>
      <td>1, <i>on-call</i></td>
      <td>₱15,500.00</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Contingency Cost</td>
      <td>9 months</td>
      <td>₱117,000.00</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Total Direct Project Cost</td>
      <td></td>
      <td>₱645,000.00</td>
      </tr>
</tbody>

</table>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
<tr>
      <th>Miscellaneous Costs</th>
      </tr>
     <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td>Equipment</td>
         <td>Bought once</td>
         <td>₱203,000.00</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>Subscription</td>
         <td>Once Yearly</td>
         <td>₱6,000.00</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>Total Miscellaneous Cost</td>
         <td><i>for the first year</i></td>
         <td>₱209,000.00</td>
      </tr>
      </tbody>
</table>


==Project Approval Requirements==
<p>The requirements for the project entail that the objectives and client pain points be solved during the implementation of the project, these would be:</p>
<ul>
    <li>Digitization of the patient health records.</li>
    <li>Creation and launching of the scheduling system.</li>
    <li>Easier generation of reports for the clinic.</li>
</ul>

==Project Manager==
<p>The project manager for the E-Cliniq project is Mr. John Angel Manahan. His team that he manages is called Project V which is made up of his classmates from the same course. As the Project Manager, he is responsible for overseeing the planning, execution, and evaluation of the project, as well as managing the budget, timeline, and resources. He also coordinates with the stakeholders, partners, and beneficiaries of the project, ensuring that their needs and expectations are met.</p>

=Project Management Approach=
<p>The Project Sponsor has the authority to green light the execution of plans and any necessary changes. Meanwhile, the Project Manager oversees project management and carries out the project according to the Project Plan. The project team will be made up of CS students. </p>
<br><br>
<p>The Project Manager will collaborate with all resources to plan the project. The Project Sponsor will review and approve all project and budget management plans and make all funding decisions. Any approval authority delegated to the Project Manager must be in writing and signed by both the Project Sponsor and Project Manager.</p>

=Project Technical Approach=
==Product Development Methodology==
<p>Our method of product management is a fusion of agile and conventional project management frameworks. To enable quick iterations and ongoing stakeholder feedback, we'll use agile methodologies like Scrum. To guarantee that the project is delivered on time and within budget, we will also use conventional project management techniques like Waterfall.</p>

<p>The steps in the methodology are as follows:</p>
<ul>
    <li>Initiation</li>
    <li>Planning</li>
    <li>Execution</li>
    <li>Monitoring and Controlling</li>
    <li>Closure</li>
</ul>
<p>We will maintain constant contact with the client throughout the whole product development life cycle to make sure the project is on track and satisfies their needs. To make the product simple to use and intuitive, we will also give user experience and design top priority.</p>

=Technical Architecture=
<p>The technology architecture that will be used to build E-Cliniq is contemporary, cloud-based, and optimized for performance, security, and scalability. To enable modular and flexible development, our team will use microservices architecture. The system will be housed on a trustworthy and safe cloud platform, making it accessible from any location in the world. To secure the system from online dangers and unauthorized access, we will also employ best-in-class security measures.</p>

<p>The system will be housed on an exceptionally reliable and safe cloud platform (AWS), making it available from any location in the world. The developers will also employ top-notch security measures to guard the system against online dangers and unwanted access.
The E-Cliniq project's technical architecture is built to guarantee the application's effectiveness, dependability, and security. The architecture is client-server based.Using an application server as the server and a web browser as the client.</p>

<p>The system shall be developed using PHP and MySQL server with Laravel for its framework. The user interface of the E-Cliniq system is designed with PHP. The developers studied the Laravel framework to design the system.</p>


=Project Management Plans=
==Stakeholders Strategy Management Plan==
<p><b>Introduction</b></p>
<p>This Stakeholder Management Plan aims to provide a comprehensive and practical framework for effectively managing the E-Cliniq project's stakeholders. The implementation of E-Cliniq is dependent on the cooperation and support of all stakeholders involved. Stakeholder management is an integral part of the project management process, and identifying, analyzing, and prioritizing stakeholders is essential for project success.</p>

<p>The objective of the E-Cliniq Stakeholder Management Plan is to ensure that all stakeholders are identified, engaged, and effectively managed throughout the project lifecycle. These are the objectives of this plan:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Identify all stakeholders involved in or affected by the E-Cliniq project and assess their level of interest, influence, and impact.</li>
	<li>Establish effective communication channels with project stakeholders to ensure that they are informed, consulted, and included in project-related decision-making processes.</li>
	<li>To develop and implement a plan for stakeholder engagement that will guarantee the support and buy-in of all stakeholders.</li>
	<li>Anticipate and effectively manage any stakeholder resistance, conflict, or competing objectives.</li>
	<li>To monitor and evaluate stakeholder engagement throughout the project lifecycle and make any necessary adjustments to guarantee project success.</li>
</ul>

<p>Effective stakeholder management can yield numerous benefits for the E-Cliniq project, including improved project outcomes, decreased risks, increased stakeholder satisfaction, and an enhanced reputation.</p>

<p><b></b></p>
<p>Identification of every stakeholder who will be reached by the project is essential. Stakeholder identification, according to the IEEE Standards Association (2019), is the process of identifying all people or organizations who will be impacted by the project or have the potential to influence its result. The ability to manage stakeholder expectations, reduce negative effects, and secure stakeholder buy-in is why effective stakeholder identification is essential to project success. To identify stakeholders, apply the technique below:</p>
<ol>
	<li>Stakeholder Mapping: This method entails identifying stakeholders, comprehending their requirements, interests, and concerns, and mapping them according to their level of involvement and impact with the project. You can carry out this process by:
		<ul>
			<li>Creating a stakeholder list: This entails compiling a list of all prospective stakeholders, both internal and external, who may be influenced by the project.
			</li>

			<li>Stakeholder analysis: This entails determining the stakeholders' level of interest, influence, and impact on the project's success. An interest-power grid or stakeholder matrix can be used to conduct the study.
			</li>
				
			<li>Prioritizing stakeholders: In this step, stakeholders are ranked according to their level of involvement, interest in the project, and possible effect on its outcome.
			</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Engagement of StakeholdersAfter the stakeholders have been identified, the following step is to involve them in all phases of the project. This entails:
		<ul>
			<li>Creating a stakeholder engagement strategy that describes how the project team will interact with each stakeholder, what information they will share, and how they will manage stakeholder expectations.
			</li>

			<li>Creating communication channels that includes developing ways for the project team to efficiently communicate with stakeholders.
			</li>
				
			<li>Maintaining stakeholder involvement entails being in touch with stakeholders throughout the course of the project, giving them regular updates, and attending to any issues they might have.
			</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
</ol>

==Key Stakeholders==
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><strong>Name</strong></td>
<td><strong>Position</strong></td>
<td><strong>Internal/External</strong></td>
<td><strong>Project Role</strong></td>
<td><strong>Contact Information</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Jojo F. Castillo</strong></td>
<td>Clinic Administrator</td>
<td>Internal</td>
<td>Project Sponsor</td>
<td>jojoc@apc.edu.ph</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Ana Mae J. Torre</strong></td>
<td>Clinic Nurse</td>
<td>Internal</td>
<td>Internal User of the System</td>
<td>anamaet@apc.edu.ph</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Doctor</strong></td>
<td>Doctor</td>
<td>Internal</td>
<td>Internal User of the System</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Dentist</strong></td>
<td>Dentist</td>
<td>Internal</td>
<td>External User of the System</td>
<td>&nbsp;</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Students</strong></td>
<td>Students</td>
<td>External</td>
<td>External User of the System</td>
<td>@student.apc.edu.ph</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Faculty, Staff, &amp; Employee</strong></td>
<td>Faculty, Staff, &amp; Employee</td>
<td>External</td>
<td>External User of the System</td>
<td>@apc.edu.ph</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

==Stakeholder Analysis==
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><strong>Name</strong></td>
<td><strong>Power/Interest</strong></td>
<td><strong>Current Engagement</strong></td>
<td><strong>Potential Management Strategies</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Jojo F. Castillo</strong></td>
<td>High/High</td>
<td>Supportive</td>
<td>Sir Jojo is very approachable and an open-minded person. Manage closely and update him with the project&rsquo;s progress</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Ana Mae J. Torre</strong></td>
<td>Low/High</td>
<td>Leading</td>
<td>Ms. Ana has been very engaged with the project team in terms of the project outcome. Keep her informed on the project decisions and progress.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Doctor</strong></td>
<td>Low/High</td>
<td>Neutral</td>
<td>Keep them informed on the specific project development that is relevant to them.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Dentist</strong></td>
<td>Low/High</td>
<td>Neutral</td>
<td>Keep them informed on the specific project development that is relevant to them.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Students</strong></td>
<td>Low/Low</td>
<td>Neutral</td>
<td>Monitor their perspectives, provide general updates on the project&rsquo;s development.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>APC Faculty, Staff, &amp; Employee</strong></td>
<td>Low/Low</td>
<td>Neutral</td>
<td>Monitor their perspectives, provide general updates on the project&rsquo;s development.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
image::https://asiapacificcollege.sharepoint.com/:i:/s/PROJMANT3SS201SF201/EcJvVSMkiuZIikma0qTfWmABkgMHlWO2bl7l1p7Y-QW8Qw?e=XAS31a[Stakeholders Power/Interest Chart]

=Scope Management Plan=

==Introduction==
<p>The Scope Management Plan for E-Cliniq is an essential component of the project that defines the project's objectives, deliverables, and constraints; it will be updated throughout the project to ensure clear communication and scope management. The project team will collaborate closely with project stakeholders to assure delivery success that is in line with the project's scope and limitations.</p>

<p><b>Scope Definition:</b>The scope of the E-Cliniq will be defined through the following activities:</p>
<ol>
  <li><b>Requirements gathering: </b>The project team will collect and record system requirements using a number of methodologies, including user interviews and group discussions.</li>
  <li><b>User Stories:</b> The project team will construct user stories that outline the system's functionality from the end user's perspective. These user stories will be prioritized according to their business importance and used to direct the development process.</li>
  <li><b>Scope statement:</b>Inputs such as user stories and requirements will be used to draft the scope statement. The deliverables, exclusions, and limits of the project will all be outlined in this document.</li>
  <li><b>Scope baseline:</b>Incorporating the scope statement and the user stories into a project management plan will provide the scope baseline. It will be continually revised as the project develops to account for new requirements.</li>
</ol>

<p><b>Scope Documentation:</b> The scope of the E-Cliniq will be documented in the following ways:<p>
<ol>
  <li><b>Requirements documentation:</b>A requirements specification document will be created to record the system's needs.</li>
  <li><b>Project management plan:</b> Everything that needs to be known about the project's scope will be included in the project management plan, from the scope statement to the scope baseline and beyond.</li>
</ol> 

<p><b>Scope Control:</b> A requirements specification document will be created to record the system's needs.</p>
<ol>
  <li><b>Scope verification:</b> The project team will employ agile testing methods to ensure the project's final products are up to par with the project's stated goals and objectives.</li>
  <li><b>Scope change control:</b> A thorough change control process will be implemented to oversee any alterations to the project's scope, and its effects on time, money, and quality will be evaluated.</li>
  <li><b>Scope change review:</b> Every requested shift from the project's original scope will be subject to a review to determine whether or not it is essential, achievable, and in line with the project's goals.</li>
</ol>

==Scope Management Approach==
<ol>
  <li>John Angel Manahan, the project manager, will be given the authority and responsibility for scope management. He will collaborate closely with Jojo Castillo, the project sponsor, and other important stakeholders to define and manage the project's scope.</li>
  <li>A detailed Statement of Work (SOW), Work Breakdown Structure (WBS), and Scope Statement will be created to describe the project's scope. Before work starts, the project sponsor and other stakeholders will review and approve these documents, which will clearly explain the project deliverables, tasks, and requirements.</li>
  <li>The project's scope will be assessed and confirmed using quality checklists, measures of worker performance, and routine comparisons of project development with the baseline scope. The scope change process will be used to identify and remedy any deviations from the scope baseline.</li>
  <li>For the E-Cliniq project, the scope change procedure entails the Project Manager submitting a scope change request, with the project sponsor giving final approval. Any alterations to the project's scope must be thoroughly assessed to make sure they are in line with its objectives and aims and won't have a detrimental effect on the project's budget or timeline.</li>
  <li>The project sponsor and other important stakeholders will accept and approve the final deliverables, and the project manager oversees making sure that all project requirements have been satisfied. Once all deliverables have been accepted and any outstanding problems have been fixed, the project will be declared to have been successfully completed.</li>
</ol>

==Roles and Responsibilities==
<p>The following roles and responsibilities have been assigned in relation to scope management:</p>
<ol>
  <li><b>Project Manager:</b> The scope of the project must be established and documented, and any changes to the scope must be controlled and approved by the project manager.</li>
  <li><b>Product owner:</b> The product owner oversees illustrating the stakeholders' demands and objectives and making sure the project adds value to the company.</li>
<li><b>Project Team:</b> The project team oversees confirming the project's scope and, if necessary, submitting change requests.</li>
  <li><b>Stakeholders:</b> Stakeholders are in charge of offering feedback on the project's requirements and scope and of authorizing changes to that scope as necessary.</li>
</ol>

==Scope Definition==
<p>The scope of this project includes the development of a single system that combines the functionality of patient record management, appointment scheduling, and inventory management to be used by the APC Clinic. This system will include features such operating hour that can prevent any appointments from being set during non-operating hours, notification system for appointment cancellations, and reporting feature for appointment and inventory.
<br><br>
The system will also include an improved record management process to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the Clinic.
</p>

==Project Scope Statement==
<p>The E-Cliniq project's deliverables and the labor required to produce them are described in the project scope statement.</p>

<p><b>Product Scope Description:</b></p>
<p>The E-Cliniq system will be a web-based tool that allows clinic nurse to manage patient records, appointments, and inventory. It also allows users to see their personal records in the clinic, schedule their own appointments, and receive notifications regarding their appointment. This system will include features such as digitized patient records, setting operating hours, and report generation.</p>

<p><b>Product Acceptance Criteria:</b></p>
<p>The E-Cliniq will be considered complete and accepted by the customer when it meets the following criteria:</p>
<ol>
  <li>All features and functionalities specified in the project scope statement have been developed and tested using the test cases created by the Quality Assurance Team.</li>
  <li>The system has been successfully deployed within the Asia Pacific College environment.</li>
  <li>The system has received positive feedback from users during UTA phase.</li>
  <li>The system has been thoroughly documented and user manuals have been created.</li>
</ol>

<p><b>Project Deliverables</b></p>
<p>The following deliverables are as follows:</p>
<ol>
  <li>A fully functional scheduling system which can accommodate the number of patients mentioned in the project objectives.</li>
  <li>Electronically accessible health records that can be retrieved by authorized staff.</li>
  <li>Report generation based on the criteria requested based on appointments and inventory</li>
  <li>Complete documentation created during the process.</li>
</ol>

<p><b>Project Constraints-</b>The application shall provide analytics with basic insights on the clinic services. The developers will not complete data input for all existing health records during the implementation of the project, this task would befall on the clinic staff as they have administrative privileges when it comes to managing sensitive health records of the students. Medical staff, such as dentists and doctors, outside the school would require approval from one of the personnel in the clinic to access the students’ health records for privacy reasons.</p>

<p><b>Project Assumptions-</b> A list of assumptions for the project:</p>
<ol>
   <li>The project team will have access to the necessary hardware and software to implement the new health record system.</li>
   <li>The project will be completed within the allotted time frame, with no major delays or unforeseen issues.</li>
   <li>The new system will be compliant with relevant standards for health record keeping and privacy.</li>
   <li>The end-users will be receptive to the new system and will receive sufficient help to be able to use it effectively.</li>
   <li>The project will not require major changes to existing business processes or workflows.</li>
   <li>The project team will be able to effectively communicate with the clinic staff throughout the project lifecycle to ensure project success.</li>
</ol>

==Work Breakdown Structure==
image::https://asiapacificcollege.sharepoint.com/:i:/s/PROJMANT3SS201SF201/ERKdYUOK0k1NiVTe4aaSgW8BHq7Hq6TnswMjoWSRQ6UYig?e=AfCOB1[7.2.6. Work Breakdown Structure]
<p>The Work Breakdown Structure presented here represents all the work required to complete this project.</p>

<ul><b>Asia Pacific College Clinic System</b>
<ul>
<ul>1. Initiation
<ul>
<ul>1.1 Assemble Project Team</ul>
<ul>1.2 Identify Project Client and Stakeholders</ul>
<ul>1.3 Develop Project Charter</ul>
<ul>1.4 Deliverable: Submit Project Charter</ul>
<ul>1.5 Project Charter Signed/Approved</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>2. Planning
<ul>
<ul>2.1 Preliminary Scope Statement</ul>
<ul>2.2 Project Team Kickoff Meeting</ul>
<ul>2.3 Assign Project Tasks</ul>
<ul>2.4 Create Stakeholder Management Strategy</ul>
<ul>2.5 Create Scope Management Plan</ul>
<ul>2.6 Create Schedule Management Plan</ul>
<ul>2.7 Create Cost Management Plan</ul>
<ul>2.8 Submit Deliverables</ul>
<ul>2.9 Milestone: Project Plan Approval</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>3. Execution
<ul>
<ul>3.1 Project Team Kickoff Meeting</ul>
<ul>3.2 Verify & Validate User Requirements</ul>
<ul>3.3 Design System</ul>
<ul>3.4 Procure Hardware/Software</ul>
<ul>3.5 Install Development System</ul>
<ul>3.6 Develop Patient Record System</ul>
<ul>3.7 Develop Appointment System</ul>
<ul>3.8 Develop Inventory System</ul>
<ul>3.9 Finalize E-Cliniq</ul>
<ul>3.10 Test E-Cliniq</ul>
<ul>3.11 Deploy System in Test Environment</ul>
<ul>3.12 User Training</ul>
<ul>3.13 Resolve Issues After Testing</ul>
<ul>3.14 Deploy in APC Environment</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>4. Control
<ul>
<ul>4.1 Project Management</ul>
<ul>4.2 Project Status Meetings</ul>
<ul>4.3 Risk Management</ul>
<ul>4.4 Update Project Management Plan</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>5. Closeout
<ul>
<ul>5.1 Audit Procurement</ul>
<ul>5.2 Document Lessons Learned</ul>
<ul>5.3 Update Files/Records</ul>
<ul>5.4 Gain Formal Acceptance</ul>
<ul>5.5 Archive Files/Documents</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<br>


==Scope Verification==
<p>The project team will use various techniques for scope verification to guarantee that the E-Cliniq project deliverables satisfy the original scope. These methods include:</p>
<ol>
  <li><b>Quality Checklist:</b> 
    <ul><li>Quality checklists are tools used to ensure that the project deliverables meet the predefined quality standards. It can be used to verify that the software features are functioning as expected and that they meet the stakeholders' requirements.</li></ul>
</li>
  <li><b>Work Performance Measurements:</b>
    <ul><li>Work performance measurements are used to track the progress of the project against the project plan and performance metrics. It can be used to verify that the project is progressing as planned, and that the project deliverables are being completed according to schedule.</li></ul>
</li>
  <li><b>Scope Baseline:</b>
    <ul><li>The scope baseline is a document that contains the approved project scope statement, the WBS, and the WBS dictionary. The project team can use it as a reference point to verify that the project deliverables are in line with the project scope statement.</li></ul>
</li>
  <li><b>Formal Acceptance:</b> 
    <ul><li>Formal acceptance is the final stage of project scope verification, where the stakeholders formally accept the project deliverables as meeting the project requirements and objectives. This can be achieved through a series of tests and demonstrations that verify that the software features meet the stakeholders' requirements and expectations.</li></ul>
</li>
</ol>

==Scope Control==
<p>Scope control is an essential part of project management that involves monitoring and controlling the project's scope to ensure that it remains within the defined parameters. To effectively control the project's scope, it is crucial to have a change control process that outlines the procedures for making changes to the scope baseline. The following is a comprehensive scope control plan that details the change process for making changes to the scope baseline for the E-Cliniq project:</p>
<ol>
    <li><b>Scope Change Request:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>The first step in the change process is to identify the need for a scope change and document it in a scope change request.</li>
        <li>The scope change request should include a detailed description of the change, its impact on the project, and the reason for the change.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li><b>Scope Change Evaluation:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>Once a scope change request has been submitted, the project team should evaluate the change request to determine its impact on the project.</li>
        <li>The evaluation should consider the impact on the project's objectives, schedule, budget, resources, and quality.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li><b>Scope Change Approval:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>If the scope change is deemed necessary and feasible, the project team should seek approval from the project sponsor or steering committee.</li>
        <li>The approval should be documented in writing, including the approved change and any associated modifications to the project plan or baseline.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li><b>Scope Change Implementation:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>Once the scope change has been approved, the project team should implement the change and update the project plan and baseline accordingly.</li>
        <li>The implementation should be done in a controlled and coordinated manner to ensure that the project objectives and constraints are not compromised.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li><b>Scope Change Communication:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>Throughout the change process, it is crucial to communicate any scope changes and their impacts to all stakeholders.</li>
        <li>The communication should include the reasons for the change, the approved change, and any modifications to the project plan or baseline.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li><b>Scope Change Documentation:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>Finally, all scope changes should be documented in a change log, including the scope change request, evaluation, approval, implementation, and communication.</li>
        <li>The change log should be updated regularly and be available for review by stakeholders to ensure transparency and accountability.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ol>

=Cost Management Plan=

==Introduction==
<p>As healthcare continues to evolve, the implementation of the E-Cliniq system has become essential for Asia Pacific College’s clinic. E-Cliniq is a system where a digital version of a patient's medical record can be accessed and updated in real-time by authorized personnel of the clinic. The use of the E-Cliniq system in a school clinic can significantly improve the quality of health care provided to students and school staff, medicine inventory management, setting and managing appointments. <br><br>
This cost management plan will outline the various costs associated with implementing the E-Cliniq system to the school clinic, including hardware and software expenses, training and support costs, and ongoing maintenance and upgrades. By following this cost management plan, the school clinic can successfully implement the E-Cliniq system and provide high-quality healthcare services to their students.</p>

<p>
<b>Cost management responsibilities:</b>
<ul>
  <li>The Project Sponsor will be responsible for cost management of the project and will be the primary point of contact for all cost-related issues.</li>
  <li>The Project Manager will be responsible for monitoring project costs and ensuring that they are within the approved budget.</li>
</ul>

<b>Cost change Approval:</b>
<ul><li>All cost changes must be approved by the Project Sponsor before they are implemented.</li></ul>

<b>Budget format and standards:</b>
<ul>
<li>The budget will be presented in a clear concise format using an Excel spreadsheet.</li>
<li>The budget will be broken down into individual line items with detailed cost estimates for each item.</li>
</ul>

</p>

==Cost Management Approach==
<p>The cost management approach for the E-Cliniq will be based on the following principles:
</p>
<br>
<p>
a.	Clear definition of costs:
-	The project team will work closely with the stakeholders to carefully take notes of the project's costs, including hardware, labor, and hosting expenses..
<br>
<br>
b.	Cost estimates:
-	The project developers will use cost estimation techniques to ensure the project budget is accurate and realistic using bottom-up estimation.
<br>
<br>
c.	Cost management roles and responsibilities:
-	Clear roles and responsibilities for cost management will be defined and communicated to all project team members.
<br>
<br>
d.	Approval process for changes:
-	A formal process for approving changes in the project or the budget for the project will be established and implemented. Details are discussed in the Cost Change Control Process section.
<br>
<br>
e.	Reporting and communication:
-	Regular cost reports will be prepared and shared with stakeholders including the project sponsor, team, and management. Details are discussed in the Reporting Format section.
</p>

<p>By practicing these principles and practices, the project team will be able to effectively manage costs and ensure that the project stays on budget.</p>

==Measuring Project Costs==
<p>The Cost Management Plan for the E-Cliniq System project will include a detailed approach for measuring project costs using Earned Value Management (EVM) (citation needed). This will involve capturing and reporting on various Earned Value metrics, such as:
</p>
<p>
1. Budgeted Cost of Work Scheduled (BCWS) or Planned Value (PV) – This will measure the budgeted costs of the work that was planned to be completed at a specific point in time.
</p>

<p>
Example:<br>

To calculate the BCWS or Planned Value, we need to multiply the total labor cost of the TESTING WBS by its percentage of completion:

BCWS = Total labor cost of TESTING WBS x Percentage of completion

= (PHP 300,000) x 33.71%

= PHP 101,130

Therefore, the Budgeted Cost of Work Scheduled (BCWS) or Planned Value (PV) for the TESTING WBS is PHP 101,130.
</p>

<p>
2. Budgeted Cost of Work Performed (BCWP) or Earned Value (EV) - This will measure the budgeted costs of the work that has been completed at a specific point in time.
</p>

<p>
Example:<br>
To calculate the Budgeted Cost of Work Performed (BCWP) or Earned Value (EV), we need to know the percentage of work completed for each task or WBS element.  
<br><br>
Assuming that the percentage of completion for each of the Testing Phase tasks are as follows:
<br>

<ul>
<li>Week 26: Testing Phase 1 - 100%</li>
<li>Week 27: Testing Phase 2 - 75%</li>
<li>Week 28: Testing Phase 3 - 50%</li>
<li>Week 29: Testing Phase 4 - 25%</li>
</ul>
<p>
Then, we can calculate the Budgeted Cost of Work Performed (BCWP) or Earned Value (EV) as follows:<br><br>
EV = BCWS x % of work completed<br>
EV = (₱300,000 x 33.71%) + (₱75,000 x 8.43% x 0.75) + (₱75,000 x 8.43% x 0.50) + (₱75,000 x 8.43% x 0.25)<br>
EV = ₱101,130 + ₱4,732.50 + ₱3,155 + ₱1,577.50<br>
EV = ₱110,595<br><br>
</p>
<p>
Therefore, the Budgeted Cost of Work Performed (BCWP) or Earned Value (EV) is ₱110,595.
</p>

<p>
3. Actual Cost of Work Performed (ACWP) or Actual Cost (AC) - This will measure the actual costs incurred for the work that has been completed at a specific point in time.
<br>
Example:<br>
Assuming that the Actual Cost for the TESTING WBS is PHP 120,000, then:<br>

AC = PHP 120,000<br><br>

Therefore, the Actual Cost of Work Performed (ACWP) or Actual Cost (AC) is PHP 120,000.<br><br>

These metrics will be used to perform cost variance analysis (CV), schedule performance index (SPI), and cost performance index (CPI) to measure the project's cost performance over time.
To assist in capturing these metrics, the project team will use project management software that is capable of tracking and reporting on EVM metrics. This software will also be used to 
forecast future project costs, and to review cost performance over time, across work packages or schedule activities.
</p>

<ol>
<li>Cost Variance (CV) measures the difference between the actual cost and the planned cost of the project. It is calculated by subtracting the actual cost from the planned cost. A negative CV indicates that the project is over budget, while a positive CV indicates that the project is under budget.<br>

Example:<br><br>

To compute the Cost Variance (CV), we need to subtract the Actual Cost of Work Performed (ACWP) or Actual Cost (AC) from the Budgeted Cost of Work Performed (BCWP) or Earned Value (EV). From the previous example, the BCWP or EV is ₱110,595, and the ACWP or AC is ₱120,000.<br><br>

CV = EV - AC<br>
CV = ₱110,595 - ₱120,000<br>
CV = -₱9,405<br><br>

Therefore, the Cost Variance (CV) for the Testing WBS is -₱9,405. A negative CV means that the project is over budget.<br>
</li>
<li>
Schedule Performance Index (SPI) measures the project's schedule performance by comparing the planned schedule to the actual schedule. This index is calculated as the ratio of the BCWP to the BCWS. It is calculated by dividing the earned value by the planned value. A value of 1 indicates that the project is on schedule, while a value less than 1 indicates that the project is behind schedule, and a value greater than 1 indicates that the project is ahead of schedule.<br><br>

Example:<br>

From the previous computations, we have:<br>

Earned Value (EV) = ₱110,595<br>
Planned Value (PV) = ₱101,130<br>
Plugging these values into the formula, we get:<br><br>

SPI = EV / PV<br>
SPI = ₱110,595 / ₱101,130<br>
SPI = 1.093<br><br>

Therefore, the Schedule Performance Index (SPI) is 1.093. This indicates that the project is ahead of schedule, as the SPI is greater than 1.<br>
</li>
<li>
Cost Performance Index (CPI) measures the project's cost performance by comparing the actual cost to the planned cost. This index is calculated as the ratio of the BCWP to the ACWP. It is calculated by dividing the earned value by the actual cost. A value of 1 indicates that the project is on budget, while a value less than 1 indicates that the project is over budget, and a value greater than 1 indicates that the project is under budget.<br><br>

Example:<br>
To calculate the Cost Performance Index (CPI), we need to use the following formula:<br>

CPI = EV / AC<br>
where:<br>
EV = Earned Value (BCWP) <br>
AC = Actual Cost (ACWP)<br>

From the previous computations, we have:<br>
EV = ₱110,595<br>
AC = ₱120,000<br><br>

CPI = EV / AC<br>
CPI = ₱110,595 / ₱120,000<br>
CPI = 0.9216<br><br>

Therefore, the Cost Performance Index (CPI) is 0.9216. This means that for every one peso spent, the project has earned only 0.92 pesos of value. This indicates that the project is behind budget and may need to take corrective actions to bring the costs in line with the planned budget.<br><br>

In summary, the Cost Management Plan will ensure that the project costs are effectively managed and controlled throughout the project’s lifecycle by using Earned Value Management metrics, schedule performance index, and cost performance index. These metrics will help the team to identify the areas where the project is underperforming and take corrective actions to bring the project back on track.<br>
</li>
</ol>

==Reporting Format==
<p>
The ideal reporting format for the cost management plan of the Dispatch Directory system project would likely be a detailed spreadsheet or table. This format should include all relevant cost information such as project budget, actual costs incurred, projected costs, and any variances or discrepancies.<br><br>
In addition, the format should be easily understandable and accessible to all stakeholders, including the project team, stakeholders, and management. A bar chart can also be included to provide visual representation of costs.<br><br>
The reporting format for the cost management plan of the Dispatch Directory system project would include the following elements:<br>
</p>

<p>
1.Executive Summary:<br>
A brief overview of the cost management plan including the project’s overall budget and major cost variances or issues.br>

2.Budget Overview:<br>
A detailed breakdown of the budget for the project that includes the total project cost and cost of other resources (e.g., Labor, Hosting, Equipment, etc.).<br>

3.Cost Variance Analysis:<br>
A detailed analysis of any variances between the project’s actual costs and the budgeted costs. This should include a detailed explanation of the causes of the variances, the impact on the project and any action taken to address them.

4.Budget Forecast:<br>
A projection of the project’s future costs, including any potential cost variances and their potential impact on the project. <br>

5.Approval and Sign-off:<br>
A section for the project manager and other key stakeholders to review, approve and sign off on the cost management plan.<br>

6.Appendices:<br>
Any additional documentation or supporting materials such as detailed cost and breakdowns, invoices or change requests.<br><br>

</p>

==Cost Variance Response Process==
<p>
The Cost Variance Response process for the E-Cliniq system will be as follows:<br>

1.Control Thresholds:<br>
-	The project will have control thresholds set for cost variance.<br>
-	These thresholds will be set at 10% and 20% of the total project budget.<br>
-	If the project triggers any of these thresholds, it will be considered a cost variance.<br><br>

2.	Identification of Variance:<br>
-	The project Manager will be responsible for identifying any cost variances and reporting them to the Project Sponsor.<br><br>

3.	Analysis of Variance:<br>
-	The Project Manager will analyze the variance to determine the root cause of the problem and develop options for corrective action.<br>
-	The Project Manager will also consider the impact of the variance on the project schedule and scope.<br><br>

4.	Presentation of Options:<br>
-	The Project Manager will present the options for corrective action to the Project Sponsor.<br>
--	The options will be based on the root cause of the variance and impact on the project schedule and scope.<br><br>

5.	Approval of Corrective Action:<br>
-	The Project Sponsor will review the options and approve an appropriate action to bring the project back on budget.<br>
-	This may include increasing the budget, reducing the scope or quality or implementing other corrective actions.<br><br>

6.	Implementation of Corrective Action:<br>
-	The Project Manager will implement the approved corrective action and monitor the results.<br>
-	The Project Manager will also update the project schedule and budget accordingly.<br><br>

7.	Reporting:<br>
-	The Project Manager will report on the cost variance, corrective action taken and the results of the corrective action in the Monthly Project Status Report.<br>
-	The Project Manager will also provide updates on the project budget and schedule.<br><br>

The Cost Variance Response process will be an ongoing process throughout the project lifecycle. The project Manager will be responsible for monitoring and controlling the project costs, and the Project Sponsor will be responsible for approving any corrective actions needed.<br>
</p>

==Cost Change Control Process==
<p>
The cost change control process will include the following steps:<br><br>

1.	Identification of the cost change:<br>
-	Any proposed changes to the project budget or costs must be identified and documented on a cost change request form.<br><br>
2.	Analysis of the cost change:<br>
-	The proposed change will be analyzed by the project team to determine the potential impact on the project schedule, resources, and overall budget.<br><br>
3.	Approval of the cost change:<br>
-	The cost change request will be reviewed and approved by the project sponsor and other relevant stakeholders.<br><br>
4.	Implementation of the cost change:<br>
-	Once approved, the cost change will be implemented in accordance. The cost change control process will follow the established project change request process.  Approvals for project budget/cost changes must be approved by the project sponsor.<br><br>
5.	Tracking and monitoring of the cost change:<br>
-	The project team will track and monitor the cost change's impact on the project schedule and budget, and any necessary adjustments to ensure it is still on track.<br><br>
6.	Reporting on the cost change:<br>
-	The cost change will be reported in the monthly status report along with any relevant financial information and any corrective actions.<br><br>

The cost change control process will be implemented to ensure that any changes to the project budget are identified, analyzed, and lastly, approved promptly. This will help minimize the impact of cost changes and maximize productivity and will make sure that the project is still on track.<br>
</p>

==Project Budget==
<p>
The approved budget given by our Project Sponsor for the E-Cliniq system is something that the Project Team can work around with for the next 10 years. The budget includes direct costs such as salary for the development team based from Indeed, specified in the area of Makati, indirect costs, and it is designed to provide the project team and stakeholders with a comprehensive understanding of financial resources.<br><br>
Approved Budget: 
<br><br>
Direct Costs:
<br><br>
Labor and Maintenance
</p>
<table width="744" border="1" align="center">
  <tr style="height: 37px;">
    <td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Labor and Maintenance</strong></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr style="height: 52px;">
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="180" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>ITEM</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Quantity</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="198" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Period (in months)</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="108" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Unit Cost</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="162" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Total Cost</strong></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr style="height: 37px;">
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
      <p>Maintenance Cost(After implementation)</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
      <p>1</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
      <p>120</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
      <p>PHP 1,000.00</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
      <p>PHP 120,000.00</p>
    </td>
</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p>Manpower Cost (Junior Developer)</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>3</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>9</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>PHP 25,000.00</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>PHP 675,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p>Manpower Cost (Project Manager)</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>9</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>PHP 39,000.00</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>PHP 351,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p>Manpower Cost (Quality Assurance Analyst)</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>1</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p>9</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>PHP 25,000.00</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>PHP 225,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p>Total Project Cost</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>PHP 1,371,000.00</p>
			</td>

		</tr>
</Table>
<table width="744" border="1" align="center">
  <tr style="height: 37px;">
    <td style="height: 37px;" colspan="5" width="744" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Equipment/Hardware</strong></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr style="height: 52px;">
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="180" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>ITEM</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="96" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Quantity</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="198" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Period (in months)</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="108" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Unit Cost</strong></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 52px;" width="162" bgcolor="lightblue">
      <p><strong>Total Cost</strong></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr style="height: 37px;">
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
      <p>Hardware Cost (Developer PC)</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
      <p>3</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
      <p></p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
      <p>PHP 40,000.00</p>
    </td>
    <td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
      <p>PHP 120,000.00</p>
    </td>
</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="180">
				<p>Hardware Cost (Project Manager and QA Laptops)</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="96">
				<p>2</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="198">
				<p></p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="108">
				<p>PHP 30,000.00</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>PHP 60,000.00</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr style="height: 37px;">
			<td style="height: 37px;" colspan="4" width="582">
				<p>Total Project Cost</p>
			</td>
			<td style="height: 37px;" width="162">
				<p>PHP 180,000.00</p>
			</td>

		</tr>
</Table>
<p>
Indirect Costs:<br>
1.	Web hosting<br>
2.	Administrative Roles
</p>

=7.4.5. Scope Change=

==Introduction==
<p>The schedule management plan is made to ensure that all project activities are completed on time, within budget, and to the satisfaction of stakeholders. An effective implementation of this schedule management plan is essential for this project's success, as it allows teams to prioritize tasks, allocate resources, and track progress towards project goals.
<br><br>
This plan outlines the approach and methods that the team utilized to manage the project schedule and provides a general overview of the key elements that should be included in the plan, such as the project schedule, milestones, dependencies, and resource requirements.
<br><br>
The plan also identifies the roles and responsibilities of the project team members responsible for implementing and maintaining the schedule management plan. By outlining these key elements, the schedule management plan helps to ensure that everyone involved in the project is on the same page and working towards the same objectives.
<br><br>
In the following sections, we will provide more detailed information on each of these key elements and explain how they will be integrated into the overall project management process. By following this plan, we can ensure that our project is completed on time, within budget, and to the satisfaction of all stakeholders.
</p>

==Schedule Management Approach==
<p>The project team will use ProjectLibre as our scheduling tool, as it is a user-friendly open-source project management tool that the team is familiar with. The software will be used to create a detailed project schedule that outlines all project activities, milestones, and deadlines. The schedule will be updated regularly to ensure that all team members are aware of their assigned tasks and deadlines. Using ProjectLibre will help us to effectively manage the project schedule and ensure that the project is completed on time and within budget.</p>

<p>After careful consideration and evaluation, our team created an initial draft of the schedule milestones and estimated the duration of each milestone throughout the project. The following milestones have been identified:</p>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="366" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Milestone</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="177" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Timeline</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Project Charter</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>1<sup>st </sup>month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Project Approval</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>2<sup>nd </sup>month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Developing the Website</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>3<sup>rd </sup>to 8<sup>th</sup> month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Complete Test Plan</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>9<sup>th</sup> month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="366">
				<p>·         Finalizing the Document</p>
			</td>
			<td width="177">
				<p>10<sup>th</sup> month</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>

<p>The following are the roles and responsibilities involved in developing a schedule:</p>

<table width="673" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="156" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Role</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Client</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Approves Scope Management Plan. </em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Provides high-level scope definition (Project Charter).</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Reviews escalated scope issues and provide direction for resolution.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approves major scope change requests.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Overall decision-making responsibility for Scope Management activities.</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Manager</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Overall responsibility for scope management. </em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Oversees the development of the Scope Management Plan.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Oversees the scope change management process.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approves scope change requests within his/her authority.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Escalates scope and change issues.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Ensures that scope changes are incorporated into appropriate project documents</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Team Members and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs)</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Help develop the project scope statement.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Submit scope change requests.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Review Scope Change requests when assigned.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Provide feedback as and when required.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Participate in team-level scope change reviews.</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Independent Verification and Validation (IV&amp;V)</em></p>
				<p><em>Project Adviser</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Provides an ongoing independent review and analysis of project scope management practices.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Monitors scope changes and provide feedback.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approves major scope change requests.</em></p>
				<p>·         <em>Approval of all documentation throughout the project.</em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p>Stakeholders</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>·         <em>Key providers of requirements, scope, and the recipients of project deliverables associated with the project benefits. Most of the project deliverables will based on their operations in the business and enhancing their business operations and environment. </em></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>

<h2>Schedule Control</h2>
<p>For the project's duration, the schedule will be updated regularly to ensure it remains current and reflects any changes to the project plan. After careful consideration, the team has decided to give daily updates to each other regarding the assigned tasks to each member. They have also made schedule reviews with the project adviser that will be conducted at regular intervals on Monday 12:45pm to 1:30pm to assess progress and identify any potential issues that may impact on the project timeline.</p>

<p>The project team has also concluded to meet with the stakeholders weekly. The project manager will be responsible for providing regular updates to stakeholders, including the project team, project sponsor, and other key stakeholders. The team will also send daily progress reports to ensure that stakeholders are informed of project status.</p>

<p>If there are any updates or problems the team might encounter, the project manager will be responsible for overall schedule management, including the development, maintenance, and updating of the project schedule. The project team will be responsible for providing input on schedule development and for ensuring that project tasks are completed according to the schedule. The project sponsor will be responsible for providing guidance and support to the project manager as needed, and for ensuring that the project is aligned with organizational objectives.</p>

==Schedule Changes and Thresholds==
<p>To ensure the project stays on track, it is important to set boundaries on the project schedule. Any schedule changes that exceed these boundaries require a schedule change request, which must be approved by the project sponsor before being implemented.</p>

<p>For this project if any of the following apply, a schedule change request must be submitted to the project stakeholder for approval, if not, then submission is made for approval to the project manager:</p>
<ul>
	<li>The suggested change is to limit the length of deliverables of a given Sprint Backlog during the project's development phase, to make it obvious that adding something to the duration does not indicate extending the work across the full duration.  </li>
	<li>Changes to the scope statement must be taken into consideration to prevent conflicts during the project's documentation phase. The project team must compile every mistake in the document before expanding the work packages by 5% or more to reflect the changes in all the documentation.</li>
	<li>A different way to implement the changes is to either cut or extend the project's overall timetable by 10% or more. </li>
</ul>

==Scope Change==
<p>If a problem arises that requires a substantial change in the project scope, it is best to propose a scope change. Note that the project manager and team must assess the status of the project schedule and determine how the scope change will impact the schedule and its resources moving forward. Any project team member or project client may ask to change the project's scope. All change requests must be submitted in a project change request document to the project advisor. Following that, the project manager will go over the requested change to the project's scope. After deep consideration of the project team and it is important to advise with the project adviser that will either reject the request for change if it does not fit in with the project's goals or schedule a meeting with the project client and project team to discuss further. Following initial approval from the project client and project adviser, the project manager will communicate the scope change to the project sponsor and all relevant stakeholders before any implementation occurs.</p>

=Staffing Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>A key factor in E-Cliniq's success is the human resource plan. The project calls for a well-organized and qualified team to complete it because it is a full clinic management system designed to efficiently manage patient data, appointments, and inventory. The Human Resource Plan's goal is to describe the approaches and steps required to recruit and oversee the project team members throughout the project lifecycle.</p>

<p>To guarantee that the correct people with the relevant experience and abilities are assigned to the right responsibilities within the project, effective human resource management is essential. The Human Resource Plan aims to increase productivity, improve collaboration, and reduce the risks related to understaffing or skill gaps by carefully identifying and assigning resources.</p>

==Roles and Responsibilities==
<p>E-Cliniq's project organizational chart gives a visual depiction of the project team and the connections among the important stakeholders. The project manager, who oversees overseeing the project's resources, scope, and schedule, is often listed above the project sponsor in the organizational chart. To contribute to the system's needs and take part in user testing, an internal user of the system, such as the APC Nurse, Doctor, and Dentist, are added. To get input on the system's usability and functionality, external users (APC Patients) may also be incorporated. Each stakeholder's roles and responsibilities are made clear by the organizational chart, ensuring that everyone is on the same page with the project's goals and objectives.</p>

<table width="673" border="1" align="center">
		<tr>
			<td width="156" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Role</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Authority</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Responsibility</strong></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517" bgcolor="lightblue">
				<p><strong>Competency</strong></p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Sponsor</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Approves the business plan and spending plan for the project. Provides resources and strategic direction.
 Aids in securing stakeholder procurement. Key problems and conflicts are resolved by them. They can distribute project resources and give the go-ahead for high-impact adjustments to the project's scope, schedule, and budget.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Ensures that the project provides the planned benefits and value and is in line with the organization's strategic goals and objectives. Oversee and advise the project manager at a high level. Obtain resources and backing from important stakeholders. Contribute by updating the company on the status and advantages of the project.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Has the ability to effectively communicate with a variety of stakeholders. Strong leadership and strategic thinking skills. Has comprehensive knowledge of the organization's mission, objectives, and values. Can gather materials and support for the endeavor.</p>
			</td>

		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Project Manager</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Full authority to make decisions on the project. Can distribute project resources and give the go-ahead for low-impact adjustments to the project's scope, timetable, and budget.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Control and oversee all aspects of the project, including its planning, implementation, monitoring, and closeout. Make sure that the project's goals are attained on schedule, within budget, and with the required level of quality.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Strong project management, communication, and leadership abilities. Experience with complicated project management.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Quality Assurance Analyst</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Authorized to make and demand edits on both the document and program to ensure the quality of the system that the project manager will submit to the product owner is following the scope and limitations.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Responsible for making sure that the product has zero errors and works as intended both in documentation and the actual program itself.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Expected to have an eye for detail to ensure that the document and seamless, aligned with the program and has no problems.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p><em>Developer Team</em></p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Authorized to make technical decisions and recommendations regarding software development and programming.
Can access and utilize the necessary tools, software, and resources required for their development tasks.
Collaborate with other teams or departments to gather requirements, clarify specifications, and resolve technical issues.
</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>They are responsible for delivering high-quality software solutions within the defined timelines and project objectives. They are accountable for ensuring that the developed software meets the functional and non-functional requirements as specified.
They have the responsibility to adhere to coding standards, software development methodologies, and best practices.
</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>They are expected to possess strong programming skills and expertise in the relevant programming languages and technologies.
They should have a solid understanding of software development principles, methodologies, and design patterns.
They should be proficient in troubleshooting and debugging software issues and finding efficient solutions.
</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p>Internal User of the System (APC Nurse, Doctor, Dentist)</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Uses the system in the manner intended to achieve tasks. Feedback on the performance, functionality, and usefulness of the system.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Complete tasks utilizing the system in the intended manner. Make sure the data is accurate and full. Inform the project team of any systemic flaws or challenges. Comment on the performance, functionality, and usefulness of the system.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Knowledge of the activities and work processes for which the system is being used. Understanding the facts and data needed to finish the allocated work tasks. Competency in system utilization as well as fundamental computer abilities.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
                <tr>
			<td width="156">
				<p>External User of the System (APC Patients)</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Uses the system to access, receive, and deal with service requests. Updates the status of service requests. Shuts off finished service requests.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>In a timely manner, review and react to service inquiries. Keep service request status information current and correct. As necessary, communicate with internal stakeholders to finish service requests. Finish off any open service requests.</p>
			</td>
			<td width="517">
				<p>Understanding of the processes, tools, and resources needed to finish service requests. The capacity to recognize and resolve technical problems. Understanding the significance of keeping the system's data accurate and up to date.</p>
			</td>
		</tr>
</table>
==Project Organizational Charts==
image::https://asiapacificcollege.sharepoint.com/:i:/s/PROJMANT3SS201SF201/EWdaQXEIT41Cr-O4cZfap0UBD3W_aRo6oizY-dXUk8a9Xg?e=cs84as[Project Organizational Charts]

==Staffing Management==
<p>A crucial element in guaranteeing the project's effective execution is the staffing management plan for E-Cliniq. Throughout the project lifetime, it describes the tactics and procedures for recruiting, supervising, and releasing human resources.</p>
<ul>
       <li>Acquisition of human resources will be done in a timely manner to ensure that the necessary skills and expertise are in place when needed. This may include recruiting new hires, hiring contractors, or utilizing internal staff. The timeline for resource acquisition will be aligned with the project schedule to ensure that resources are available when needed.</li>
       <li>Training for any resources with identified gaps in skills required will be provided to ensure that they have the necessary knowledge and capabilities to perform their roles effectively. This may include both on-the-job training and formal training programs.</li>
       <li>Performance reviews will be conducted regularly to assess the performance of team members and identify areas for improvement. These reviews will also provide feedback on how well team members are meeting the project's expectations and objectives.</li>
       <li>A rewards and recognition system will be implemented to acknowledge and motivate outstanding performance. This may include bonuses, promotions, and other incentives.</li>
</ul>

<p>It is significant to note that other factors, such as organizational health and safety, government and/or regulatory compliance, and others, may be included in staffing management depending on the project's scope. It relies on the industry's particular rules and regulations, as well as the setting where E-Cliniq is being used. If the project is bound by rules and regulations relating to data protection and security, government and regulatory compliance may be considered. If the project calls for the use of tools or technologies that could put team members at risk, organizational health and safety may also need to be considered.</p>
<p>To keep it in line with the goals and needs of the project, the Staffing Management Plan will be periodically reviewed and revised as required. The project manager must carefully examine the rules and specifications that apply to the project in question to ascertain whether any other elements need to be included in the workforce management strategy.</p>

<table width="673" border="1" align="center">
        <tr>
              <td width="156"><p><b>Role</b></p></td>
              <td width="517"><p><b>Project Responsibility</b></p></td>
              <td width="517"><p><b>Skills Required</b></p></td>
              <td width="517"><p><b>Number of Staff</b></p></td>
              <td width="517"><p><b>Performance Reviews</b></p></td>
              <td width="517"><p><b>Recognition and Rewards</b></p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
              <td width="156"><p>Project Manager</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Plan, execute, and close projects effectively and efficiently. 

Ensure the project meets the objectives and goals. 

Manage project risks and issues. 

Coordinate with stakeholders and team members.
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Leadership 

Communication 

Problem-solving 

Time management 

Technical skills related to the project
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Depends on the scope and complexity of the project.

Determined in collaboration with other stakeholders
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The project manager will conduct regular performance reviews with team members to assess their progress, provide feedback, and address any issues.</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The project manager will implement a recognition and rewards system to motivate team members and encourage high performance.</p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
              <td width="156"><p>Project Team Leader</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Lead a project team and ensure the project is delivered on time, within budget, and to the required quality standards.

Define project objectives and develop a detailed project plan. 

Monitor and manage project risks, issues, and dependencies.

Communicate project progress and status to stakeholders and senior management.

Manage project scope, budget, and resources
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Leadership

Communication

Planning and organizing

Risk management

Budget management

Technical skills related to the project
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Depends on the scope and complexity of the project. Determined in collaboration with other stakeholders.</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The project leader will work with team members to set achievable performance goals and track their progress throughout the project.</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The project leader will implement a recognition and rewards system to motivate team members and encourage high performance.</p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
              <td width="156"><p>Project Team Member</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Collaborate with other team members to achieve project goals. 


Complete tasks assigned by the project leader or manager. 

Report progress and status to the project leader or manager. 

Participate in project meetings and contribute to discussions. 

Manage their time and work effectively to ensure project tasks are completed on time and within budget.
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Technical skills related to the project. 

Communication 

Collaboration and teamwork 

Problem-solving 

Time management
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Depends on 
the scope and 
complexity of 
the project. 
Determined in 
collaboration 
with other 
stakeholders
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The frequency and format of performance reviews will be determined based on the project's needs and the company's policies.</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The project leader or manager will implement a recognition and rewards system to motivate team members and encourage high performance.</p></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
              <td width="156"><p>Executive Sponsor</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Provide strategic direction and leadership for the project. 

Ensure the project is aligned with the organization's goals and vision. 

Allocate resources and secure funding for the project. Act as the primary point of contact between the project team and senior management 

Monitor project progress and provide guidance and support to the project team
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>Leadership 

Strategic thinking 

Communication 

Decision-making 

Risk management 

Budget management
</p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The executive sponsor is typically a high-level executive or member of the board of directors. May be supported by a project management office or other support staff.</p></td>
              <td width="517">The executive sponsor may conduct performance reviews of the project leader or manager to ensure they are meeting the organization's standards and goals for the project. They may also receive updates and progress reports from the project leader or manager<p></p></td>
              <td width="517"><p>The executive sponsor may recognize and reward the project team for their achievements and progress towards the project's goals. They may also provide opportunities for career growth and development for the project team members, as well as for the project leader or manager.</p></td>
        </tr>


          
</table>

=Change Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Change Management Plan outlines the strategies and processes to effectively manage and implement changes within the E-Cliniq project. Change is inevitable in any project, and its successful management is crucial for ensuring smooth transitions, minimizing disruptions, and maximizing project outcomes.</p>
<p>This plan serves as a roadmap to proactively address and navigate the complexities associated with change, while focusing on the people, processes, and systems involved. By following this plan, the project team can effectively anticipate, assess, communicate, and implement changes, ensuring the project remains aligned with its objectives and stakeholders' expectations.</p>

==Change Control Board==
<p>The Change Control Board (CCB) plays a crucial role in the E-Cliniq project, ensuring that changes are carefully evaluated, authorized, and effectively implemented. By reviewing proposed changes, assessing their impact, and making informed decisions, the CCB helps maintain project stability and uphold its overall success. Here are the members of the Change Control Board for the E-Cliniq project:</p>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
   <tr>
      <th>Change Control Board Roles</th>
      <th>Roles</th>
      <th>Name</th>
      <th>Contact</th>
      <th>Responsibilities</th>
      </tr>
      <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td>Change Control Board Chair</td>
      <td>Project Sponsor </td>
      <td>Jojo Castillo</td>
      <td>jojoc@apc.edu.ph</td>
      <td>As the Change Control Board (CCB) Chair, the Project Sponsor takes on the responsibility of making decisions on change requests and ensuring stakeholder engagement. They align changes with project objectives, establish and enforce change governance, and consider risks associated with proposed changes.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Change Control Board Member</td>
      <td>Project Manager</td>
      <td>John Angel Manahan</td>
      <td>jmmanahan@student.apc.edu.ph</td>
      <td>The Project Manager plays a crucial role in assessing and analyzing change requests, providing insights on the potential impacts of proposed changes on project scope, schedule, and resources. They contribute their expertise in project management to evaluate the feasibility of changes and provide recommendations to the CCB. The Project Manager actively participates in CCB meetings, collaborates with stakeholders, and ensures effective communication and implementation of approved changes.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Change Control Board Member</td>
      <td>Project Team Member</td>
      <td>Kurt Jordan Cadenas</td>
      <td>kvcadenas@student.apc.edu.ph</td>
      <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Change Control Board Member</td>
      <td>Project Team Member</td>
      <td>Churchill Capangan</td>
      <td>cbcapagngan@student.apc.edu.ph</td>
      <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Change Control Board Member</td>
      <td>Project Team Member</td>
      <td>Jan Patrick Navarrete</td>
      <td>jmnavarrete@student.apc.edu.ph</td>
      <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Change Control Board Member</td>
      <td>Project Team Member</td>
      <td>Darcy Medina</td>
      <td>dlmedina@student.apc.edu.ph</td>
      <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests.</td>
      </tr>
      
      </tbody>
</table>
<br>
==Roles and Responsibilities==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
   <tr>
      <th>Name</th>
      <th>Project Roles</th>
      <th>Responsibilities</th>
   </tr>
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td>Jojo Castillo</td>
         <td>Project Sponsor</td>
         <td>As the Change Control Board (CCB) Chair, the Project Sponsor takes on the responsibility of making decisions on change requests and ensuring stakeholder engagement. They align changes with project objectives, establish and enforce change governance, and consider risks associated with proposed changes.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>John Angel Manahan</td>
         <td>Project Manager</td>
         <td>The Project Manager plays a crucial role in assessing and analyzing change requests, providing insights on the potential impacts of proposed changes on project scope, schedule, and resources. They contribute their expertise in project management to evaluate the feasibility of changes and provide recommendations to the CCB. The Project Manager actively participates in CCB meetings, collaborates with stakeholders, and ensures effective communication and implementation of approved changes.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>Kurt Jordan Cadenas</td>
         <td>Quality Assurance Analyst</td>
         <td>As the person assigned to ensure the quality of the product. The quality assurance analyst plays a crucial role in finalizing both the documentation and the product itself to make it aligned and consistent, and to make sure that the system itself adheres to the scope and limitations on the documentation end of the product.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>Churchill Capangan</td>
         <td>Project Team Member</td>
         <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>Jan Patrick Navarrete</td>
         <td>Project Team Member</td>
         <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>Darcy Medina</td>
         <td>Project Team Member</td>
         <td>Team Members bring valuable insights into the impact of proposed changes on project execution and delivery. They provide input on the feasibility and practicality of implementing changes within the project team's capabilities and resources. The Project Team Member actively participates in CCB meetings, contributes to discussions, and assists in evaluating the potential risks and benefits associated with change requests.</td>
      </tr>
   </tbody>
</table>

==Change Control Process==
<br>
(https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/assets/122800822/d4af502d-c5f4-4cdb-b013-ffa3cfc777c4)

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
   <tr>
      <th>Process Step</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Change Log Status</th>
      </tr>
      <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td>Identification</td>
      <td>This step involves recognizing and documenting potential changes to the project, such as scope modifications, schedule adjustments, or resource reallocations. It is crucial to capture and document these changes accurately to initiate the change control process.</td>
      <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Request</td>
      <td>In this step, a formal request is submitted, providing detailed information about the proposed change, including its rationale, impact on project objectives, and any associated risks or benefits. The change request acts as a formal communication channel for stakeholders to express their desired modifications.</td>
      <td>Submitted</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Evaluation</td>
      <td>During this step, the proposed change is carefully evaluated to determine its feasibility, potential impact on project constraints, and alignment with project objectives. The evaluation involves assessing the technical, operational, financial, and organizational aspects of the change to make an informed decision.</td>
      <td>In Review</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Decision Making</td>
      <td>Based on the comprehensive review, the change request is either approved or rejected. If approved, necessary actions are taken to incorporate the change into the project, including updating plans and communicating with stakeholders. If rejected, a clear explanation is provided, along with any alternative solutions or recommendations.</td>
      <td>Approved/Denied</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Implementation</td>
      <td>Once a change request is approved, the implementation phase begins. This step involves executing the necessary actions to implement the approved change within the project. Activities may include updating project documents, modifying deliverables, adjusting schedules, allocating resources, and coordinating with relevant stakeholders. The change is implemented following established procedures, ensuring proper communication, collaboration, and adherence to project objectives and requirements.</td>
      <td>In progress -> Closed</td>
      </tr>
      </tbody>
      </table>
=Communications Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Communications Management Plan is a critical component of the E-Cliniq project as it outlines the communication strategy and protocols for the project team and stakeholders. The plan defines the following:</p>
<ul>
    <li>The plan details the information to be communicated, such as project updates, progress reports, risks, and issues, including the level of detail and format.</li>
    <li>The plan specifies the communication methods to be used, such as meetings, email, telephone, web portal, etc., to ensure timely information for all stakeholders.</li>
    <li>The plan sets the frequency of project communications, both formal and informal, to keep stakeholders regularly informed.</li>
    <li>The plan defines the roles and responsibilities of team members and stakeholders in communication, including who disseminates project information.</li>
    <li>The plan addresses the specific communication needs of all stakeholders, such as language requirements and accessibility.</li>
    <li>The plan allocates resources for communication, such as budget and personnel, to ensure effective and efficient communication.</li>
    <li>The plan sets protocols for communicating sensitive or confidential information, including authorization for release.</li>
    <li>The plan establishes a process for managing changes in communication or the communication process, including proposal, review, and approval of changes to ensure consistency throughout the project.</li>
    <li>The plan outlines the flow of communication within the project, including information sharing between team members, stakeholders, and other project partners to ensure timely information for all stakeholders.</li>
    <li>The plan identifies any internal or external constraints that may affect project communications and outlines how these constraints will be addressed.</li>
    <li>The plan specifies any standard templates, formats, or documents to be used for communicating project information to provide consistent and accurate information to all stakeholders.</li>
    <li>The plan includes an escalation process for resolving any communication-based conflicts or issues that may arise during the project to ensure timely resolution of communication-related issues.</li>
</ul>

<p>Overall, the Communications Management Plan is a key tool that helps to ensure that all stakeholders are informed, and that communication is effective and efficient throughout the E-Cliniq project.</p>
==Communications Management Approach==
<p></p>
<p></p>

=Quality Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The purpose of this quality management plan document is to establish an approach to quality management, encompassing all the stages of the E-Cliniq system’s lifecycle from designing, development, to implementation of the system and maintenance. By following this plan, the APC Clinic can minimize the time needed in maximizing the workload needed to finish.</p>


==Quality Objectives==
<ul>
<li>Quality assurance: Implement quality assurance processes and procedures to validate the functions, performance, and usability of the system.</li>
<li>Testing: Validating and verification of all the functions must be done to ensure that the system adheres to the expectations of the relevant stakeholders.</li>
<li>Risk Management: Identify potential risks and vulnerabilities of the E-Cliniq system both internal and external.</li>
<li>Training and competence: Ensure that the roles and responsibilities of relevant stakeholders are established and have proper training on how to use the E-Cliniq system.</li>
</ul>

==Quality Management Plan==
<ul>
<li>Test-driven development – the system will be continuously evaluated by relevant stakeholders throughout its development stage to ensure that it lives up to the expectations of the users.</li>
<li>Project completion – when the system has achieved its objectives, risk management will be managed, and maintenance will be provided upon request.</li>
<li>Acceptance criteria – the acceptance criteria are once all the objectives of the system has been completed.</li>
<li>Continuous integration – maintenance and updates will be held for the system by the developers</li>
</ul>
<p>This Quality Management Plan provides a structured and systematic approach to ensure the highest level of quality in the design, implementation, and operation of the E-Cliniq system. By adhering to this plan, the APC Clinic can improve data accuracy, and optimize the overall efficiency of their management processes.</p>

==Quality Management Approach==
<p>E-Cliniq uses an Agile and Scrum method continuous testing processes to make sure that the system meets or exceeds the expectations of all relevant stakeholders.
<br><br>
The following are the roles and duties for the quality management plan:</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
   <tr>
      <th>Role</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      </tr>
      <tbody>
      <tr>
      <td>Project Manager</td>
      <td>In charge of quality assurance, setting up the acceptance standards and ensure that the final system satisfies the relevant stakeholders.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Project team leader </td>
      <td>Facilitates the team overall, cooperates with the product sponsor and development team to enhance the final product.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Project Development Team </td>
      <td>Responsible for the development of the system and adhere to the established acceptance standards.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Project Sponsor </td>
      <td>Has the final decision on everything regarding the project.</td>
      </tr>
      </tbody>
</table>
<p>The approach will include the following steps:</p>
<ol>
<li><b>Define quality standards –</b>The Project Manager and Sponsor would define and follow quality standards based on Agile and Scrum method and requests of the client with the focus of delivering the objectives.</li>
<li><b>Quality planning –</b>The team closely collaborates with the stakeholders to identify and ensure the project requirements are met alongside prioritizing the most notable features. The development team will create a product backlog to view the changes made and set the quality goals to ensure that each version of the system has significant changes approaching the objectives of the quality standard.</li>
<li><b>Quality control –</b>This measures sprint implementations to ensure that the product meets the defined requirements and quality goals. </li>
<li><b>Quality Assurance – </b>This would put the measures in place to prevent defects and issues from occurring in the first place, as the team would do various testing methods and processes to ensure the project is being executed according to the established standards and guidelines.</li>
<li><b>Continuous Improvement –</b>The team would recommend someone from the development team of the system as the developer for future updates, improvements, and fixes for the project</li>
<li><b>Communication –</b>The team will maintain communication with the relevant stakeholders, so they would be aware of the changes, plans, status, and feedback if needed.</li>
</ol>
<br>
<p>The development team will incorporate Agile and Scrum method practices, including user experience, sprints, and retrospectives, to make sure that the quality of the system throughout the system’s lifecycle meets the client's expectations and the needs of the relevant stakeholders. In addition, a risk management plan will be made to identify and mitigate potential risks throughout the system’s lifecycle. 
<br><br>
Overall, the Quality Management Plan of the E-Cliniq will prioritize delivering a high-quality product that meets the client’s requirements through Agile and Scrum method.</p>

==Requirements==
<p>E-Cliniq system will be fully functional, user-friendly, and compatible with devices that have access to a browser, and internet connection as the quality management plan will contain both the system and process quality standards.</p>
<p><b>Requirements for product quality.</b></p>
<ul>
<li>E-Cliniq will be fully functional and adhere to the objectives’ technical requirements.</li>
<li>The user-interface must be user-friendly to all the relevant stakeholders and users. The developers will train relevant users first-hand.</li>
<li>The system would collaborate with the clients’ request and have maintenance upon request.</li>
<li>The system requires devices that has access to a web browser and internet connection.</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Requirements for ensuring quality of process.</b></p>
<ul>
<li>The development team will implement an ongoing process of testing and quality assurance to ensure that the system meets all technical specifications and requirements.</li>
<li>The development team will conduct regular sprint reviews to identify and promptly address any quality issues.</li>
<li>The development team will follow a defined configuration management process to ensure consistent development, testing, and deployment of the system.</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Compliance Demonstration</b></p>
<ul>
<li>E-Cliniq will be evaluated by relevant stakeholders against the established quality requirements and standards before deployment.</li>
<li>The development team will maintain comprehensive documentation of all testing and quality assurance activities, which will be made available to the client upon request.</li>
<li>The development team will conduct a formal acceptance test with the client to ensure that the system meets their requirements and expectations.</li>
<li>The development team will provide ongoing support and maintenance services to ensure that the system continues to meet the established quality standards over time.</li>
</ul>

==Continual Improvement==
<p>The development team would prefer to suggest a developer from the team to ensure that the system can be improved, updated, and fixed whenever problems arise while still upholding the quality standards.</p>

==Quality Assurance==
<p>The QA process for E-Cliniq will be integrated into the Agile and Scrum method to ensure that the quality is achieved through collaborative effort and continuous improvement as the following steps will be undertaken:</p>
<ul>
<li><b>Defining quality standards – </b>The project manager will collaborate with the relevant stakeholders to define and document the quality standards for the project in the quality management plan as the quality standards will constantly be communicated to everyone.</li>
<li><b>Quality metrics – </b>The development team will use quality metrics to track and report on the project's performance against the quality standards. </li>
<li><b>Continuous improvement -</b>The developers would use the feedback to modify changes requested by the stakeholders to ensure the quality of the system.</li>
<li><b>Compliance with industry standards -</b>The developers would ensure that the E-Cliniq system would adhere to relevant standards such as accessibility standards, security standards, and data privacy regulations.</li>
<li><b>Reviewing feedback -</b>The developers would constantly review feedback to improve and modify changes of the system.</li>
</ul>

<p>The Project Manager will closely monitor the quality assurance metrics. Any breach of these standards will be reviewed and corrected by the Project Manager and Project Sponsor. The development team will receive regular feedback from relevant stakeholders. The quality assurance procedure will also be reviewed frequently to find and implement improvements. </p>

==Quality Control==
<p>In Agile and Scrum methodology, quality control is embedded into the development process, and the focus is on continuous testing and quality feedback. The Quality Control process the E-Cliniq System will involve the following steps:</p>
<ul>
<li>Reviewing feedback – The developers would constantly review feedback to improve and modify changes of the system.</li>
<li>Continuous testing and feedback: The project team will perform continuous testing to identify defects and ensure that the product is meeting customer requirements. The testing will be automated wherever possible.</li>
<li>User Acceptance Testing (UAT): The relevant stakeholders will evaluate the system to ensure it satisfies their needs and expectations. The UAT will be performed at the end of each sprint, and any necessary modifications will be made based on feedback from the users. </li>
<li>Compatibility Testing: The E-Cliniq system will be evaluated on multiple platforms, including mobile devices and browsers, to ensure compatibility and address any difficulties that may arise when the system is used in various settings.</li>
<li>Continuous Monitoring: After deployment, the development team will monitor the effectiveness of the E-Cliniq system. This will involve keeping an eye on important performance measures including response time, and system uptime. This will provide essential information to aid with any system upgrades and identify any problems or bottlenecks. The following quality metrics will be used to monitor and assess the system's performance:
<ul>
<li>Test Coverage: The percentage of the system that has been evaluated.</li>
<li>Test Case Pass Rate: The percentage of test cases that have been passed.</li>
<li>Response Time: The time taken for the system to respond to user requests.</li>
<li>System Uptime:  The percentage of time the system is available and functioning as expected.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Tracking and Documenting Quality Evaluations: The development team will track and document the outcomes of the Quality Control process, which will be used to monitor the project's progress and the effectiveness of any remedial actions that are taken. </li>
</ul>

<p>In conclusion, the quality control process for the E-Cliniq system will be an integral part of the development process, with a focus on continuous testing, user feedback, and performance monitoring. The project team will continuously monitor and assess the quality of the product as part of the Quality Control process, ensuring that it meets the required quality standards and customer requirements.</p>

==Quality Control Measurements==
<p>The Agile and Scrum techniques will be employed to promote continuous inspection and modification throughout the project lifecycle for the E-Cliniq system, which will adopt a transparent and collaborative approach to quality control. 
<br><br>
To guarantee that the product fulfills the standards and criteria, quality control measures will be made at each stage of the development process and documented on a shared, viewable platform, such as a project management tool, as opposed to a static spreadsheet or table. 
<br><br>
The following details will be on the platform:
</p>
<ul>
<li>Measurement date </li>
<li>Measurement type (e.g., automated testing, code review, peer review, user story acceptance) </li>
<li>The measurement's findings (such as passed/failed, the number of flaws discovered, and the percentage of code coverage) </li>
<li>Requirements and standards for comparison </li>
<li>Member of the team in charge of measuring </li>
<li>Team member responsible for assessing the measurement results.</li>
<li>Taking any required corrective actions</li>
<li>The date that the remedial measures were finished.</li>
</ul>
<p>Dashboards and other visual tools will be used to track the quality control measurements in real-time so that all team members can readily access and comprehend the data. The dashboards will draw attention to patterns and problem areas so that the team can act fast and make the necessary adjustments. The quality control metrics will be reviewed, and the method will be adjusted as necessary during routine team reviews such as sprint reviews and retrospectives. Together, the group will pinpoint potential improvement areas and put any found problems into practice. 
<br><br>
In conclusion, the E-Cliniq system will use Agile and Scrum approaches to implement a collaborative and dynamic quality control strategy. To make sure the product satisfies the standards and needs, the team will regularly assess the product's quality and make the required improvements. On a common platform, all quality control measurements will be collected and tracked in real-time. The team will collaborate to address any problems and implement any necessary improvements.</p>