=Project Title=
<h1>Chubby Gourmet E-Commerce Web Application</h1>

=Quality Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Quality Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet project is a fundamental component of the overall project management plan. This plan outlines the strategies, processes, and procedures that will be employed to effectively manage and ensure quality throughout the entire project lifecycle. </p>
<p>The primary objective of the Quality Management Plan is to provide a clear and comprehensive description of how quality will be planned, assured, and controlled. By establishing a systematic approach, the plan aims to prevent and mitigate potential risks associated with poor quality, while promoting the delivery of high-quality project outcomes. </p>
<p>The plan encompasses various aspects of quality management, including quality requirements, assurance, and control. It defines the specific activities, tools, and techniques that will be employed to identify, assess, and address quality requirements and expectations. By adhering to these processes and procedures, the project team will be equipped to proactively manage and enhance the quality of project deliverables. </p>

==Quality Management Approach==
<p>The Quality Management Approach for the Chubby Gourmet project will employ an Agile and Scrum methodology to ensure that the project consistently delivers high-quality outcomes that meet or exceed stakeholders' expectations. This approach emphasizes iterative development, frequent customer collaboration, and continuous improvement to achieve optimal quality throughout the project's lifecycle.  </p>
<p>The following roles and responsibilities are defined within the quality management approach: </p>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RESPONSIBILITIES</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Project Manager is responsible for ensuring that the final product meets the stakeholders' quality requirements by actively participating in the agile and Scrum processes, providing clear product vision and prioritizing quality-related tasks.</p></td>
</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Quality Assurance Tester</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Quality Assurance Tester, also the Project Manager in this project, is responsible for implementing the agile and Scrum-based quality management approach by conducting thorough testing of the product, identifying and reporting any defects or deviations from quality standards, and collaborating with the development team to address and resolve issues.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scrum Master</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Scrum Master will be responsible for promoting and enforcing the adherence to the Scrum framework. He will facilitate team collaboration, remove any impediments, and ensure that quality is embedded within the Agile development process. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Documentation Specialist</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Document Specialist supports the quality management approach by maintaining accurate and up-to-date documentation of processes, standards, and procedures. They ensure that documentation is easily accessible to team members, promoting consistent understanding and adherence to quality requirements.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Desginer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Product Designer contributes to the quality management approach by incorporating user-centered design principles and agile methodologies into the product development process. They collaborate with stakeholders and the development team to ensure that the design meets quality standards and delivers a seamless user experience.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Front-End Developer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Front-End Developer is responsible for implementing the product design and ensuring its quality during the agile and scrum development process. They focus on creating visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces while adhering to coding standards and conducting regular testing to maintain quality.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Back-End Developer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The Back-End Developer is responsible for implementing the server-side functionality of the product while following the agile and scrum-based quality management approach. They ensure that the back-end systems are robust, secure, and performant, collaborating with other team members to address any quality issues that may arise.</p></td>
</tr>
</table>

<p>The Quality Management Approach will be integrated into every phase of the project, with the entire team actively involved in ensuring quality standards are met. It will embrace the principles of Agile and Scrum, emphasizing iterative development, customer feedback, and continuous improvement. By utilizing the Agile and Scrum methodology as the quality management approach, the Chubby Gourmet project aims to foster a culture of collaboration, flexibility, and continuous improvement, enabling the team to consistently deliver a high-quality web application that fulfills the needs and expectations of its users. </p>

==Quality Requirements/Standards==
<p>The Quality Requirements/Standards for the Chubby Gourmet project encompass both the product and process aspects, aiming to ensure the delivery of a high-quality web application. The project team will actively identify and document these requirements and standards, demonstrating compliance throughout the project lifecycle. </p>
<p>Quality Requirements: </p>
<ol>
<li>Product Quality Requirements:
<ul>
<li>The project team will conduct an analysis of customer expectations, user needs, and industry best practices to define specific quality requirements for the web application. </li>
<li>Functional requirements, performance expectations, usability standards, and security measures will be identified and documented. </li>
<li>Quality requirements will be aligned with the project objectives and stakeholders' expectations to ensure the final product meets the desired quality level. </li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Process Quality Requirements:
<ul>
<li>The team will establish quality assurance processes and procedures to ensure adherence to industry standards and best practices throughout the project lifecycle. </li>
<li>Documentation standards, code review processes, testing procedures, and change management plan will be defined to ensure consistent and high-quality development practices. </li>
</ul>
</li>

</ol>

<p>Quality Standards: </p>
<ol>
<li>Product Quality Standards: 
<ul>
<li>The Chubby Gourmet web application will adhere to industry standards and guidelines for user experience, accessibility, performance, security, and compatibility. </li>
<li>Design and development will follow recognized coding standards and frameworks to ensure maintainability and scalability. </li>
<li>Regular usability testing and user feedback will be incorporated to validate the product against user-centered design principles and enhance the overall user experience. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Process Quality Standards: 
<ul>
<li>The project team will follow the Agile and Scrum methodology, to foster effective collaboration, communication, and quality control. </li>
<li>Continuous integration and deployment practices will be implemented to ensure the stability and reliability of the development process. </li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>


<p>Demonstrating Compliance: </p>
<ol>
<li>Documentation and Traceability: 
<ul>
<li>The project team will maintain comprehensive documentation of quality requirements, standards, and associated processes. </li>
<li>Traceability matrices will be used to link requirements to design, development, and testing activities, ensuring transparency and accountability. </li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Quality Assurance Activities: 
<ul>
<li>Regular inspections, reviews, and quality checks will be conducted throughout the project to monitor compliance with quality requirements and standards. </li>
<li>Testing, including functional, performance, security, and usability testing, will be performed to validate the product against defined quality criteria. </li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>


<p>By adhering to these quality requirements and standards, the Chubby Gourmet project aims to deliver a high-quality web application that meets user expectations, complies with industry standards, and provides an exceptional user experience. </p>

==Quality Assurance==
<p>The Quality Assurance for the Chubby Gourmet project outlines the approach for auditing quality requirements, measuring quality control results, and ensuring the consistent use of quality standards and operational definitions throughout the Chubby Gourmet web application project. </p>
<ol>
<li>Quality Assurance Process: 
<ul>
<li>A defined process for quality assurance will be established, detailing the activities, responsibilities, and timelines for conducting quality audits. </li>
<li>Regular audits will be performed to assess adherence to quality standards, operational definitions, and established processes. </li>
<li>The process will include reviewing documentation, conducting inspections, and verifying compliance with quality requirements. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Auditing Quality Requirements: 
<ul>
<li>The team will conduct audits to ensure that quality requirements are clearly defined, documented, and communicated to the stakeholder.</li> 
<li>Audits will verify that quality requirements align with customer expectations, industry standards, and project objectives. </li>
<li>The team will review project documentation and specifications to confirm that quality requirements are appropriately defined and traceable. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Auditing Quality Control Results: 
<ul>
<li>Quality control measurements and results will be audited to verify compliance with quality standards and identify areas for improvement. </li>
<li>Audits will assess the effectiveness of quality control activities such as testing, inspections, and reviews. </li>
<li>The team will review quality control records and test reports to ensure that appropriate measures are taken to address identified issues. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Assurance Metrics: 
<ul>
<li>Key quality assurance metrics will be defined to assess the effectiveness of quality management activities. </li>
<li>Metrics may include customer satisfaction ratings and adherence to project schedules. </li>
<li>These metrics will provide objective data to evaluate the project's overall quality performance and identify areas requiring corrective actions. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Reporting and Improvement: 
<ul>
<li>The results of quality assurance audits and metrics will be documented and communicated to the stakeholder. </li>
<li>Reports will highlight areas of non-compliance, identify potential risks, and recommend improvement actions. </li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>

<p>By implementing a robust quality assurance process, the Chubby Gourmet project aims to ensure that quality standards are consistently met, operational definitions are followed, and potential quality risks are identified and addressed in a timely manner. Through regular audits and the use of appropriate metrics, the team can proactively monitor and improve the quality of the web application throughout its development lifecycle. </p>

==Quality Control==
<p>The Quality Control for the Chubby Gourmet project outlines the process for monitoring, recording, and assessing the results of quality activities specific to the Chubby Gourmet web application project's product. It focuses on defining acceptable standards and performance criteria for the product and specifying how measurements will be conducted. </p>


<ol>
<li>Quality Control Process: 
<ul>
<li>A defined process for quality control will be established to monitor and assess the product's adherence to quality standards and requirements. </li>
<li>The process will include activities such as inspections, testing, reviews, and validations to identify and address any deviations or non-conformities. </li>
<li>Regular monitoring and measurement activities will be conducted to identify any deviations from the desired quality standards. </li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Acceptable Standards and Performance Criteria: 
<ul>
<li>Clear and measurable standards and performance criteria will be defined for the Chubby Gourmet web application. </li>
<li>These standards will cover aspects such as functionality, usability, performance, security, and compliance with industry best practices. </li>
<li>The acceptable standards will be based on customer requirements, industry standards, and project objectives.</li> 
</ul>
</li>

<li>Measurement and Evaluation: 
<ul>
<li>Appropriate measurement techniques and tools will be employed to assess the product's quality. </li>
<li>This may include conducting functional and non-functional testing, usability evaluations, performance testing, security assessments, code reviews, and other relevant quality assurance activities. </li>
<li>The results of these measurements will be documented and recorded for analysis and decision-making.</li> 
</ul>
</li>

<li>Performance Assessment: 
<ul>
<li>The project team will regularly assess the product's performance against the defined acceptable standards. </li>
<li>Performance assessment may involve comparing the actual product performance with the expected performance. </li>
<li>Necessary actions will be recommended to address if there's any identified issues. </li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Documentation and Reporting: 
<ul>
<li>The results of quality control activities, including measurements and performance assessments, will be documented and reported to the stakeholder. </li>
<li>Reports will provide insights into the product's quality status, identify areas of improvement or non-compliance, and recommend appropriate corrective actions. </li>
<li>Documentation will serve as a record of quality control activities and provide a basis for future reference and quality improvement initiatives. </li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>

<p>Through effective quality control measures, the Chubby Gourmet project aims to monitor the product's adherence to acceptable standards, identify any deviations, and ensure that the final web application meets the desired quality levels. By proactively monitoring and controlling quality, the team can make informed decisions, take corrective actions when necessary, and deliver a high-quality product that meets or exceeds stakeholders' expectations. </p>

==Quality Control Measurements==
<p>The Quality Control Measurements for the Chubby Gourmet project outlines the approach and documentation method for capturing and comparing quality measurements against the established standards and requirements. Agile and Scrum methods will be utilized to promote continuous inspection and modification throughout the project lifecycle. The section also emphasizes the importance of documenting findings and taking appropriate actions if the measurements deviate from the set standards.  </p>
<p>The following details will be on the platform: </p>
<ul>
<li>Measurement date: The date on which the quality control measurement was conducted. </li>
<li>Measurement type: The specific type of measurement performed (e.g., automated testing, code review, peer review, user story acceptance). </li>
<li>Measurement findings: The results of the measurement, indicating whether it passed or failed, the number of flaws discovered, and the percentage of code coverage. </li>
<li>Requirements and standards for comparison: The established quality requirements and standards against which the measurements are compared. </li>
<li>Member of the team in charge of measuring: The team member responsible for conducting the quality control measurement. </li>
<li>Team member responsible for assessing the measurement results: The team member assigned to evaluate the measurement results and determine any necessary actions. </li>
<li>Corrective actions: Any required actions or steps to address deviations from the standards or requirements. </li>
<li>Date of completion of remedial measures: The date on which the corrective actions were completed. </li>
<li>Team member in charge of implementing corrective measures: The team member responsible for carrying out the corrective measures. </li>
</ul>

<p>The quality control measurements will be recorded and documented on a shared platform or project management tool to ensure accessibility and transparency. Dashboards like Trello's workspace will be utilized to provide real-time tracking and visualization of the quality control metrics, enabling the team to identify patterns, highlight problem areas, and take prompt action. Regular project reviews, such as sprint reviews will be conducted to review the quality control metrics and adjust the approach if needed. </p>
<p>By documenting the quality control measurements and findings, the Chubby Gourmet project team can effectively monitor the product's compliance with the defined quality standards, identify areas for improvement, and implement necessary corrective actions to ensure the delivery of a high-quality web application. </p>

=Risk Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Risk Management Plan plays a vital role in this project, which strives to develop a web application catering to customers who want to order from Chubby Gourmet. By implementing effective risk management strategies, the project team ensures the delivery of a premium-quality product while proactively addressing potential obstacles to project success. </p>
<p>Like any complex project, the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application is not without its risks. Potential challenges and uncertainties may arise that could impact the project's objectives, including its quality, timeline, budget, and overall success. Therefore, the Risk Management Plan plays a crucial role in identifying, assessing, and mitigating these risks, ensuring that the project team can effectively navigate potential obstacles and deliver a successful web application. </p>
<p>To further develop a risk management Plan for Chubby Gourmet’s Web Application, the following information should be considered:
  </p>

<li>Identifying and Assessing Risks <br>
The project team should identify potential risks related to the development, implementation, and operation of Chubby Gourmet’s System. Risks can come from various sources, including technical issues, regulatory compliance, cybersecurity, and human factors. Once identified, risks should be assessed based on their likelihood of occurring and the impact they may have on the project. </li>   

<li>Risk Mitigation Strategies  <br>
After identifying and assessing risks, the project team should develop a plan for mitigating or avoiding the risks. Mitigation strategies should be prioritized based on their effectiveness in reducing risk and their feasibility in terms of time and cost. Strategies may include contingency planning, redundancy, and the development of fallback procedures.  </li>  

<li>Contingency Planning <br>
The project team should develop contingency plans for significant risks that could significantly impact the project's success. Contingency plans should outline the steps required to minimize the impact of the risk and maintain the project's progress. These plans should be regularly reviewed and updated as the project progresses, and new risks are identified.</li>  

<li>Communication and Reporting  <br>
The project team should establish a clear communication and reporting framework for risk management. This framework should ensure that risks are regularly reviewed, and the project team is updated on any changes to the risk landscape. Communication should occur between the project manager, team members, and stakeholders.  </li>  

<li>Risk Monitoring and Review  <br>
Risk management is an ongoing process that requires continuous monitoring and review. The project team should establish a regular review process to ensure that risk management strategies remain effective, risks are updated, and new risks are identified. The review process should be transparent, with all stakeholders being updated on any changes.    </li>  

</ul>
<p>By considering these additional factors in a risk management plan, the Chubby Gourmet’s System project team can ensure that the project is completed successfully, meeting all objectives while minimizing potential risks.</p>


==Top Three Risks==
<p>The project’s top three risks are: </p>
<ol>
<li>Scope Creep:  <br>
Scope creep refers to the uncontrolled expansion or addition of features, requirements, or objectives of a project beyond its original scope. This can occur due to changing project sponsor expectations, unclear project requirements, or poor project management. Scope creep can lead to delays, increased costs, resource over utilization, and ultimately project failure if not properly managed.</li>

<li>Resource Constraints:  <br>
Insufficient or misallocation of resources can significantly impact project development. This includes limitations in terms of budget, personnel, equipment, or technology. Inadequate resources can lead to delays, decreased quality, or compromised project objectives. It is essential to identify and allocate the necessary resources appropriately to mitigate this risk. </li>

<li>Technical Challenges   <br> 
Projects often involve complex technical components and dependencies. Technical challenges can include compatibility issues, software or hardware failures, integration difficulties, or scalability problems. These challenges can cause delays, increased costs, and potential setbacks in project delivery. Adequate planning, testing, and contingency measures are crucial to address and mitigate.</li>

</ol>


==Risk Management Approach==
<p>To mitigate these risks, Chubby Gourmet's project team has developed strategies including thorough testing and validation of the data migration process, adopting an Agile development methodology to quickly identify and address technical issues, providing training and support to ensure successful system adoption, and maintaining regular communication with stakeholders to promptly address any potential delays or issues. </p>

<p>The following steps will be taken to manage risks in Chubby Gourmet’s System project:   </p>
<ul>
<li>Risk Identification: <br>
The project team will identify potential risks by conducting brainstorming sessions, reviewing past project experiences, and examining project requirements and scope. These risks will be documented in a risk register along with details about their likelihood, potential impact, and description. </li>
 
<li>Risk Assessment: <br>
The identified risks will be assessed based on their probability of occurrence and their impact on the project. A risk matrix will be used to prioritize risks according to their severity. Risks with high severity will be given priority for mitigation or contingency planning. </li>
 
<li>Risk Mitigation: <br>
Mitigation plans will be developed for risks that have both a high impact and the likelihood of occurring. These plans will outline strategies and measures to reduce or prevent the risks. In cases where certain risks cannot be completely eliminated, backup strategies will be devised. </li>

<li>Risk Monitoring: <br>
Risks will be continuously monitored throughout the project. The project team will regularly review the risk register to ensure that risks are being effectively managed. As new risks are identified during the project, they will be added to the risk register and the risk assessment process will be repeated. </li>
 
<li>Risk Communication: <br>
Risk communication involves informing relevant parties, including the project sponsor, project team, and other stakeholders, about the identified risks and the strategies in place to manage them. The project team will maintain open and constant communication, ensuring that stakeholders are informed about any detected risks, their evaluation, and the actions being taken to address them. </li>
</ul>


==Risk Identification==
<p>Through a comprehensive risk identification process for the Chubby Gourmet project, various methods will be employed to identify and assess potential risks. These methods include expert interviews, analysis of historical data from previous projects, and a risk assessment conference involving the project team and key stakeholders. The aim is to create a risk register that documents the identified hazards, including a brief description, potential impact, and likelihood of occurrence. </p>

<p>During the risk assessment meeting, the project team and key stakeholders will actively engage in identifying and assessing risks specific to Chubby Gourmet's success. The outcomes of this meeting will be diligently recorded in the risk register, ensuring that all identified risks are captured. </p>

<p>To supplement the risk identification process, the project team will conduct a thorough review of historical information from similar projects. This will allow them to identify potential risks that might arise during the development of Chubby Gourmet and develop corresponding mitigation strategies. Additionally, expert interviews will be conducted with team members who possess relevant experience in developing similar systems. These interviews will provide valuable insights and help identify additional risks, which were then addressed through appropriate mitigation strategies. </p>

<p>The risks identified through the risk assessment meeting and expert interviews will be documented in a format consistent with the Agile risk management plan. The risk register is regularly updated to ensure the inclusion of new risks and the effective management of existing ones. Throughout the project lifecycle, the project team remains vigilant in monitoring and managing risks to mitigate their potential impact on Chubby Gourmet's development and overall success. </p>

<p>Some potential risks identified for Chubby Gourmet’s System include: </p>
<ul>

<li>Lack of Stakeholder Involvement: <br>
Inadequate involvement or engagement from project stakeholders can result in misalignment, misunderstandings, and unmet expectations. Regular communication and collaboration with stakeholders throughout the development process are essential to ensure their needs are addressed and potential issues are identified early.</li>

<li>Unrealistic Timeframes and Deadlines: <br>
Setting overly aggressive or unrealistic timeframes and deadlines can put excessive pressure on the development team, leading to compromised quality, increased errors, and burnout. It is important to establish realistic timelines based on the project's complexity and resource availability.</li>

<li>Lack of Project Management and Planning: <br>
Inadequate project management practices, such as poor planning, ineffective communication, or insufficient risk assessment, can lead to project failure. Robust project management methodologies and practices should be in place to ensure effective planning, execution, monitoring, and control of the project. </li>

<li>Inadequate Quality Assurance and Testing: <br>
Insufficient testing and quality assurance practices can result in undetected defects, functional issues, or poor user experience. Comprehensive testing strategies and quality control processes should be implemented to identify and resolve issues before deployment. </li>

<li>Communication and Collaboration Challenges: <br>
Ineffective communication and collaboration among team members, stakeholders, or third-party vendors can lead to misunderstandings, delays, and conflicts. Establishing clear channels of communication and fostering a collaborative environment are crucial for successful project development. </li>

<li>Vendor or Supplier Risks: <br>
Dependence on external vendors or suppliers for critical components or services can introduce risks such as delivery delays, quality issues, or contractual disputes. Conducting thorough due diligence and establishing contingency plans can help mitigate these risks. </li>

<li>External Factors and Dependencies: <br>
External factors such as regulatory changes, market conditions, natural disasters, or geopolitical events can impact project development. Identifying and monitoring these external dependencies and having contingency plans in place can help mitigate their potential impact. </li>

</ul>
<p>To mitigate these risks, the project team has implemented various strategies, including thorough testing and validation processes, adopting an Agile development methodology to address technical issues promptly, providing training and support to team members for successful system adoption, and maintaining regular communication with key stakeholders to identify and address potential delays or issues.</p>

==Risk Qualification and Prioritization==
<p>To effectively manage risks in the Chubby Gourmet's System project, a probability-impact matrix will be employed to assess and prioritize the risks listed in the risk register. The project team will place emphasis on risks with a high likelihood of occurrence and significant impact on the project. Regular review and updates of the risk register will ensure appropriate prioritization of risks. </p>

<p>Likewise, in the Chubby Gourmet’s System project, after identifying potential risks, it is crucial to evaluate their probability and impact to determine their priority for implementing risk mitigation strategies. </p>

<p>Using a probability-impact matrix, the risks were categorized into five levels: Extreme, High, Medium, Low, and Negligible. The probability of risks occurring and their impact on the project are described as follows: </p>

<ul>
<li>Extreme: Risks with a very high probability of occurrence and severe impact on the project. </li>

<li>High: Risks with a high probability of occurrence and significant impact on the project. These risks require immediate attention, and mitigation strategies should be developed. </li>

<li>Medium: Risks with a moderate probability of occurrence and moderate impact on the project. These risks should be closely monitored, and mitigation strategies need to be prepared if they occur. </li>

<li>Low: Risks with a low probability of occurrence and minor impact on the project. These risks can be periodically monitored, and mitigation strategies can be developed if needed. </li>

<li>Negligible: Risks with a very low probability of occurrence and negligible impact on the project. These risks can be disregarded. </li>
</ul>

<p>The identified risks and their prioritization based on probability and impact are as follows: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Probability Impact</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Rare (1)</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Unlikely (2)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Possible (3)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Likely (4)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Almost Certain (5)</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Insignificant (1)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Minor (2)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">M</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Significant (3)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">M</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Disastrous (4)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">N</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">M</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">E</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Catastrophic (5)</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">L</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">M</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">E</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">E</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<p>By integrating the risk assessment matrix into the risk management plan of the Chubby Gourmet's System project, we will establish a systematic approach to identifying, prioritizing, and addressing risks. Regular reviews and updates to the risk register, along with the inclusion of risks in sprint planning, will foster a proactive risk management process within the agile framework. This will enable the project team to effectively mitigate potential threats and maintain project progress with a well-informed and prepared approach. </p>
<p></p>


==Risk Monitoring==
<p>The Agile Risk Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet project establishes a systematic approach to monitor and manage risks throughout the project's lifecycle. The plan emphasizes the importance of continuous risk monitoring and documentation, including the identification of trigger conditions that may initiate risks. </p>

<p>To implement the plan effectively, the project manager will integrate high-scoring risks into the project schedule and designate a document specialist responsible for overseeing their monitoring. The Document Specialist will work closely with the project manager to determine the appropriate level of attention needed for each risk and provide regular updates during weekly project team meetings. The document specialist will also maintain a record of the identified trigger conditions for each risk. </p>

<p>Ensuring awareness of the identified risks and their potential impact, the project manager will communicate this information to the entire project team. The team members will be encouraged to promptly notify the document specialist of any new risks or changes to existing risks they observe. The document specialist will then assess and prioritize these new risks accordingly. </p>

<p>During the weekly team meetings, the document specialist will report on the status of identified risks, any newly identified risks, and the effectiveness of the implemented mitigation plans. Collaboratively, the project team and the document specialist will review and make necessary adjustments to the risk management plan based on the evolving project circumstances. </p>

<p>In summary, the Chubby Gourmet project team will adopt an agile risk management methodology, focusing on continuous improvement and adaptability. The effectiveness of the risk management plan will be regularly evaluated and modified as required, ensuring the project's objectives are achieved while maintaining the desired quality standards. </p>


==Risk Monitoring and Avoidance==
<p>To effectively mitigate and avoid potential risks in the Chubby Gourmet project, the project team will develop a risk management plan that prioritizes each identified risk. Strategies will be implemented to address probable delays, including creating backup plans, allocating additional resources, or modifying project timelines. Continuous assessment of the mitigation techniques will be conducted in collaboration with stakeholders to ensure their effectiveness. </p>

<p>The following key considerations and options will be employed by the project manager for risk mitigation and avoidance: </p>
<ul>
<li>Resource Allocation: The project manager will ensure that the project team has the necessary resources, such as skills, expertise, knowledge, tools, and equipment, to successfully complete the project within the defined budget and timeline. </li>

<li>Risk Assessment: The project team will conduct a comprehensive risk assessment early in the project to identify and analyze potential risks thoroughly. Prompt actions will be taken to address and mitigate these risks. </li>

<li>Contingency Planning: Backup plans and contingencies will be developed to be prepared for potential risks. The project manager will oversee the development, testing, and confirmation of these contingency plans for each identified risk. </li>

<li>Communication: Clear and open communication channels will be promoted by the project manager to minimize risks and prevent misunderstandings among the project team, project sponsor, and stakeholders. </li>

<li>Agile Approach: The project team will adopt an Agile methodology, enabling ongoing risk management and providing flexibility and responsiveness to address changes. The project manager will ensure adherence to the Agile principles throughout the project. </li>

<li>Change Management: A clear change management process will be established to handle unexpected changes. The project team will document, communicate, and obtain approval from relevant stakeholders for any changes, effectively managing and preventing potential risks. </li>
</ul>


==Risk Register==
<p>Risk Register, is an essential document that will be regularly updated throughout the Chubby Gourmet's System project, will encompass a comprehensive description of each risk, including its likelihood, potential impacts, and any mitigation measures undertaken. To ensure its alignment with the project's status, the risk register will undergo periodic reviews and updates. All stakeholders will have access to the centralized risk register, which will be stored in a designated location. </p>

<p>This risk management approach, characterized by early and frequent risk identification, collaborative risk management, and continuous risk monitoring, aligns well with the principles of Agile methodology. By anticipating and addressing potential risks, the Chubby Gourmet's System project team can mitigate their impacts and enhance the project's likelihood of success. Moreover, to facilitate efficient risk management, the project team will employ a cloud-based project management tool such as Jira, Asana, or Trello to maintain the risk register as a shared document. This tool will enable tracking and prioritization of risks, assignment of responsibilities, and monitoring of progress in risk mitigation efforts. </p>

<p>The following criteria will be used for the risk register: </p>
<ul>
<li>Risk ID - each risk will be assigned a unique identifier.     </li>

<li>Risk Category - will classify risks into technical, Resource, Communication, Project, Quality, Vendor, External. </li>

<li>Risk Description - there will be a clear and concise description of the risk event.     </li>

<li>Risk Destination/Owner - will be responsible for monitoring and managing each risk.</li>

<li>Probability - likelihood of a risk occurring is assessed using a scale of High to Low, with Low indicating the lowest likelihood and High indicating the highest. </li>

<li>Impact - the risk's potential impact on the project is rated on a scale of High to Low, with Low indicating the least significant impact and High indicating the most significant impact. </li>

<p>Risk Register:</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RISK ID</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RISK</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESCRIPTION</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">CATEGORY</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESTINATION/OWNER</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">PROBABILITY</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">IMPACT</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 001</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scope Creep</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scope creep refers to the uncontrolled expansion or addition of features, requirements, or objectives of a project.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 002</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Resource Constraint</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Insufficient or misallocation of resources impacting project development.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Resource</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 003</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Technical Challenges</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Complex technical components and dependencies pose challenges to project development.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Technical</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 004</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Lack of Stakeholder Involvement</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Inadequate involvement or engagement from project stakeholders leading to misalignment and misunderstandings.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 005</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Unrealistic Timeframes and Deadlines</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Setting overly aggressive or unrealistic timeframes and deadlines causing compromised quality and increased errors.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 006</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Lack of Project Management and Planning</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Inadequate project management practices, such as poor planning and communication, resulting in project failure.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 007</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Inadequate Quality Assurance and Testing</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Insufficient testing and quality assurance practices leading to undetected defects and poor user experience.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Quality</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">QA Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 008</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication and Collaboration Challenges</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ineffective communication and collaboration among team members, stakeholders, or vendors causing delays and conflicts.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 009</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Vendor or Supplier Risks</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Risks associated with external vendors or suppliers, such as delivery delays, quality issues, or contractual disputes.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Vendor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Medium</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">RID 010</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">External Factors and Dependencies</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Risks arising from external factors like regulatory changes, market conditions, natural disasters, or geopolitical events.</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">External</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Low</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
	</tr>

</table>

=Procurement Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Procurement Management Plan plays a crucial role in defining the procurement requirements and outlining the management approach for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. This plan encompasses various aspects of procurement activities, from the development of procurement documentation to the closure of contracts. By establishing a clear framework, the Procurement Management Plan ensures effective and efficient procurement practices throughout the project lifecycle. </p>
<p>This section of the paper will provide an overview of the key components and objectives of the Procurement Management Plan, setting the stage for detailed discussions in subsequent sections. </p>

<ol>
<li>Procurement Risks: This section will address the risks associated with procurement management. It will identify potential risks that may arise during procurement activities and highlight the importance of mitigating these risks to ensure project success. </li>
<li>Procurement Risk Management: The plan will outline strategies and procedures for managing procurement-related risks. It may involve assigning specific personnel to oversee risk management activities and obtaining approvals from relevant management levels when necessary. </li> 
<li>Cost Determination: The plan will describe how costs will be determined for procurement activities and how they will be used as evaluation criteria. It will explain the process of obtaining cost information from vendors and how costs will be prioritized in the procurement decision-making process. </li>
<li>Procurement Constraints: This section will identify any constraints that need to be considered during the procurement management process. Constraints may include factors such as schedule, cost, scope, resources, technology, or buyer/seller relationships. It emphasizes the importance of identifying and addressing constraints early in the project to ensure success. </li>
<li>Contract Approval Process: The plan will define the process through which contracts must be approved. It will outline the specific steps and individuals or entities involved in the decision-making process, ensuring a clear and consistent approach to contract approval. </li>
<li>Decision Criteria: This section will establish the criteria used by the contract review board to evaluate and select the most suitable contracts. The criteria may include factors such as cost, quality, vendor qualifications, and compliance with project requirements. </li>
<li>Performance Metrics for Procurement Activities: The plan will outline the metrics used to measure the performance of procurement activities associated with the project. These metrics may include adherence to procurement schedules and vendor performance data, aiding in future vendor selection processes. </li>
</ol>

<p>By addressing these key components, the Procurement Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project aims to streamline procurement processes, mitigate risks, and ensure successful acquisition of goods and services essential to project delivery. </p>

==Procurement Risk==
<p>The procurement process for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project involves certain risks that need to be identified, assessed, and managed effectively. The following are potential procurement risks associated with the project: </p>

<ol>
<li>Vendor Selection Risk: 
There is a risk that the wrong vendor will be selected for the project, resulting in potential issues such as delays, cost overruns, or poor-quality deliverables. </li>
<li>Contractual Risk: 
There is a risk that the contract between the project team and the vendor may be poorly written or negotiated, leading to contractual disputes, delays, or cost overruns. </li>
<li>Change Order Risk: 
There is a risk that the project's scope may change after the contract has been signed, resulting in additional costs or delays if not managed effectively. </li>
<li>Vendor Performance Risk: 
There is a risk that the selected vendor may not perform as expected, leading to delays, cost overruns, or poor-quality deliverables. </li>
<li>Supply Chain Risk: 
There is a risk that the vendor may face supply chain challenges, such as disruptions in the availability of required goods or services, leading to delays, cost overruns, or poor-quality deliverables. </li>
<li>Communication Risk: 
There is a risk of communication breakdown or misalignment between the project team and the vendor, leading to misunderstandings, delays in decision-making, or ineffective collaboration. </li>
</ol>

<p>These procurement risks should be carefully considered during the project planning and execution phases. Proper risk identification and mitigation strategies will be developed and implemented to address these risks, ensuring effective procurement management for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. </p>

==Procurement Risk Management==
<p></p>

<ol>
<li>Thorough Vendor Due Diligence: 
A comprehensive vendor evaluation process will be conducted, including reviewing the financial statements, assessing past performance, and checking vendor references. This will ensure that qualified and reliable vendors are selected. </li>
<li>Well-Written Contracts: 
Contracts will be carefully drafted and negotiated to clearly define the scope of work, deliverables, payment terms, and dispute resolution process. This will minimize the potential for contractual disputes and mitigate associated risks. </li>
<li>Change Management: 
Changes to the project scope will be evaluated carefully, and any modifications will be documented and approved by both the project team and the vendor. This structured change management approach will mitigate the risks of scope creep and ensure that changes are effectively managed. </li>
<li>Vendor Performance Monitoring: 
A robust monitoring process will be established to closely track vendor performance, including regular progress updates, deliverable reviews, and performance evaluations. This will enable prompt identification and resolution of any issues, ensuring vendors meet the expected standards. </li>
<li>Diversification of the Supply Chain: 
To mitigate the supply chain risk, multiple vendors will be considered for critical goods or services. This approach will reduce dependency on a single vendor and provide alternative options in case of unforeseen disruptions. </li>
<li>Effective Communication: 
Communication channels will be established and maintained between the project team and the vendors. This includes regular meetings, clear documentation, and timely responses to queries or concerns. Efficient communication will minimize misunderstandings and prevent delays in decision-making. </li>
</ol>

<p></p>

==Cost Determination==
<p>The cost determination for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project encompasses several key factors that contribute to the overall project expenses. The following considerations will be taken into account during the cost determination process: </p>
<ol>
<li>Software and Hardware Costs: 
The expenses associated with acquiring, developing, and maintaining the necessary software and hardware components for the web application will be evaluated. This includes licenses, development tools, hosting infrastructure, and any specialized equipment required. </li>
<li>Web Hosting Expenses: 
The cost of reliable and secure web hosting services will be assessed. This includes determining the most suitable hosting providers based on their pricing models, performance, scalability, and technical support. </li>
<li>Domain Name Fees: 
The expenditure for registering and renewing the domain name associated with the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application will be considered. </li>
<li>Professional Services Charges: 
The charges associated with engaging professional services, such as design, development, and testing, will be carefully evaluated. This includes assessing vendors' proposed rates and pricing structures. </li>
</ol>

<p>The procurement process will involve issuing a comprehensive Request for Proposal (RFP) to potential vendors. The RFP will provide detailed project requirements and instructions for bid submission, specifically outlining the cost factors that will be utilized for evaluating bids. </p>
<p>Evaluation Criteria for Cost Determination: </p>
<ol>
<li>Total Project Cost: 
The total cost provided by vendors will be a significant consideration in the evaluation process. The project team will assess the reasonableness and competitiveness of the proposed costs against the defined project requirements. </li>
<li>Vendor Experience and Qualifications: 
The expertise, experience, and qualifications of the vendors will be assessed to ensure they possess the necessary skills and capabilities to successfully deliver the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application within the specified budget. </li>
<li>Project Timeline: 
Vendors' proposed timelines for completing the project will be evaluated to ensure alignment with the project's schedule and delivery expectations. </li>
<li>Warranty and Support Terms: 
The terms and conditions regarding vendor warranties and ongoing support for the web application will be carefully examined to ensure that potential costs associated with maintenance and troubleshooting are considered. </li>
</ol>

<p>The project team will select the vendor that offers the best overall value, considering the balance between cost and quality. While cost is a significant factor, the team recognizes the importance of reliability, performance, and the ability to meet project requirements within the specified budget and timeline. </p>
<p>The cost determination process aims to identify a vendor that provides cost-effective solutions while ensuring the highest quality standards and timely delivery of the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application. </p>

==Procurement Constraints==
<p>The procurement management process for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project must consider the following constraints: </p>
<ol>
<li>Schedule: 
The project schedule allows for flexibility in conducting procurement activities, contract administration, and contract fulfillment within a predefined range of dates. However, adherence to the overall project timeline is crucial to ensure timely delivery. </li>
<li>Cost: 
The project budget incorporates contingency and management reserves, but it is essential to manage costs effectively and keep the overall project expenses within the approved budget. Cost control measures and regular monitoring will be implemented. </li>
<li>Scope: 
All procurement activities and contract awards must align with the approved project scope statement. Any deviations or changes in scope should be addressed through proper change control procedures to avoid scope creep and maintain project integrity. </li>
<li>Resources: 
Procurement activities should be performed and managed efficiently, leveraging the current project team's skills and capacity. Additional resources may be acquired as needed, considering factors such as workload, expertise, and availability. </li>
<li>Technology: 
The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project necessitates the utilization of specific technologies. It is essential to consider any constraints related to technology availability, compatibility, and expertise required for successful implementation and operation. </li>
<li>Buyer/Seller Relationships: 
The project emphasizes the development of strong buyer/seller relationships to ensure effective communication, collaboration, and mutual understanding. Building and maintaining positive relationships with vendors will contribute to successful procurement outcomes. </li>
</ol>

<p>These constraints will be thoroughly considered throughout the procurement activities, from planning to execution. It is crucial to identify and document all constraints early in the project lifecycle to minimize their impact on the project's success. </p>
<p>Furthermore, it is important to note that there may be additional constraints specific to the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. These project-specific constraints will be identified, documented, and taken into account during the procurement management process to ensure comprehensive and tailored procurement strategies. </p>

==Contract Approval Process==
<p>The contract approval process for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project ensures that all contracts are reviewed and approved in a structured and efficient manner. The following enhanced process outlines the steps involved: </p>
<ol>
<li>Initiation: 
Identify the need for a contract and develop a comprehensive request for proposal (RFP). The RFP should clearly outline the project's scope, deliverables, timeline, and budgetary considerations. 
<li>Solicitation: 
Distribute the RFP to potential vendors and provide them with sufficient time to submit their proposals. Evaluate and score the proposals based on predetermined criteria to identify the most suitable vendor for the project. 
<li>Negotiation: 
Collaborate with the selected vendor to finalize the contract terms. Engage legal counsel to review the contract and ensure it aligns with the organization's best interests, including legal and regulatory compliance. 
<li>Approval: 
Obtain the required approvals from stakeholders involved in the contract approval process. This may include project sponsors, legal counsel, finance department, and senior management. All necessary signatures should be obtained to validate the contract. 
</ol>

<p>Rules for All Procurements </p>

<p>To ensure consistency and compliance in all procurements, the following rules apply: </p>
<ol>
<li>Approval by Stakeholders: 
All contracts, regardless of their size or nature, must undergo an approval process involving the relevant stakeholders. The specific individuals or committees responsible for contract approval should be clearly defined. </li>
<li>Legal Review: 
All contracts must undergo a thorough legal review by legal counsel to ensure compliance with laws, regulations, and the organization's policies. Legal counsel should verify that the contract protects the organization's interests and mitigates potential risks. </li>
<li>Written Documentation: 
All contracts must be in writing, clearly outlining the terms and conditions agreed upon by both parties. The contract should be signed by all parties involved and securely stored for future reference. </li>
</ol>

<p>By adhering to these rules, the project team can streamline the contract approval process, enhance accountability, and ensure that all contracts are thoroughly reviewed and approved in a manner that aligns with the organization's procurement policies and procedures.</p>

==Decision Criteria==
<p>The contract review board for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project will utilize the following enhanced decision criteria to determine which contract(s) to award: </p>
<ol>
<li>Ability to Meet Requirements: 
The vendor must demonstrate a clear understanding of the project requirements and possess the necessary capabilities to successfully fulfill the scope of work within the specified schedule and budget. </li>
<li>Price: 
The vendor's proposed price should be competitive and represent a fair and reasonable value for the goods or services being provided. Cost-effectiveness will be considered while ensuring quality and performance expectations are met. </li>
<li>Quality: 
The vendor must have a proven track record of delivering high-quality products or services. Their proposed solution should align with the project's quality standards and meet or exceed industry best practices. </li>
<li>Past Performance: 
The vendor's past performance will be evaluated, considering their experience, reputation, and history of delivering similar projects successfully. Positive references and feedback from previous clients will be considered as indicators of reliability and competence. </li>
<li>References: 
The vendor must provide references that can validate their ability to meet the project's requirements and deliverables. These references will be contacted to gather insights into the vendor's performance, professionalism, and adherence to timelines. </li>
</ol>

<p>In addition to the above criteria, the contract review board may also consider other relevant factors such as the vendor's financial stability, their commitment to environmental sustainability, and their alignment with the organization's social responsibility standards. </p>
<p>By employing these comprehensive decision criteria, the contract review board will be able to make informed and well-rounded decisions when awarding contracts for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. The criteria should be customized to the project's specific needs and clearly documented in the Procurement Management Plan to ensure consistency and transparency throughout the procurement process. </p>


==Performance Metrics For Procurement Activities==
<p>To effectively measure the performance of procurement activities for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project, the following enhanced metrics will be employed: </p>
<ol>
<li>Procurement Cycle Time: 
This metric will track the time taken to complete each procurement activity, from the initial request to the final receipt of goods or services. It will help identify any delays or bottlenecks in the procurement process, enabling timely adjustments to ensure efficient procurement cycles. </li>
<li>Procurement Cost: 
The procurement cost metric will assess the total expenditure associated with procuring goods or services from vendors. Monitoring and analyzing this metric will aid in optimizing cost-efficiency and budget adherence throughout the procurement process. </li>
<li>Procurement Quality: 
This metric evaluates the quality of goods or services obtained through procurement activities. It involves assessing factors such as product/service performance, adherence to specifications, and customer satisfaction. Ensuring high procurement quality supports the overall success of the project by delivering reliable and superior deliverables. </li>
<li>Procurement Compliance: 
The procurement compliance metric measures the extent to which procurement activities adhere to relevant laws, regulations, and organizational policies. Compliance with procurement procedures, ethical standards, and contractual obligations is crucial for risk mitigation and maintaining a transparent and fair procurement process. </li>
<li>Procurement Risk: 
This metric evaluates the level of risk associated with procurement activities. It considers factors such as vendor reliability, supply chain disruptions, and contractual risks. By monitoring procurement risks, the project team can proactively identify and address potential issues to minimize their impact on project timelines and budgets. </li>
</ol>

<p>Throughout the project, the procurement team will diligently track these performance metrics to identify areas for improvement, identify trends, and benchmark vendor performance. The data collected will be utilized to generate comprehensive reports on procurement activities' performance, providing valuable insights for future procurement planning and vendor selection criteria. </p>

=Implementation Management Plan=
==Executive Summary==
<p>Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application project is nearing its final stages, and a comprehensive implementation plan has been devised to facilitate the seamless deployment and launch of the web application. This plan provides a concise overview of the implementation process, encompassing the project background, current state of the web application, and planned activities for a successful implementation. </p>
<p>The Chubby Gourmet project involves the development of an e-commerce web application that aims to offer a user-friendly platform for online food ordering. Through close collaboration with the client, the project team has diligently ensured that the web application meets their requirements while adhering to industry best practices. </p>
<p>The web application is currently in its final development and testing phase. All essential features and functionalities have been meticulously implemented, and rigorous testing has been conducted to validate performance, security, and usability. User acceptance testing has also been successfully completed, guaranteeing that the application fulfills the client's expectations. </p>
<p>The implementation plan focuses on the smooth deployment of the web application to the production environment and the subsequent transition to operational status. Key activities encompass infrastructure setup, database configuration, application deployment, data migration, and system integration. These activities will be executed systematically to minimize any potential disruptions to application availability and performance. </p>
<p>The implementation team comprises various roles, including the Implementation Project Manager, Development Team, Database Administrators, System Administrators, and Quality Assurance Specialists. Each team member has defined responsibilities to ensure the flawless execution of the implementation plan. </p>
<p>The plan provides a detailed timeline, delineating the sequential tasks leading to the application's launch. It encompasses finalizing infrastructure requirements, conducting user acceptance testing in the production environment, and performing comprehensive performance and security testing. The timeline also incorporates contingency plans to address unforeseen issues during the implementation process effectively. </p>
<p>Upon successful implementation, ownership and responsibility for the web application will be transferred to the client. The implementation plan includes knowledge transfer sessions, during which the project team will deliver comprehensive training to the client's staff on system administration, maintenance, and ongoing support. Documentation, such as technical specifications, user manuals, and support guides, will be provided to equip the client with the necessary resources to effectively manage and maintain the application. </p>
<p>The primary objective of the implementation plan is to ensure a seamless and successful transition to the operational phase of the Chubby Gourmet web application. By adhering to the plan and following established timelines, the project team aims to deliver a fully functional and high-quality web application that fulfills the client's requirements and provides a superior user experience. </p>
<p>Overall, the implementation plan strives to achieve the successful deployment of the Chubby Gourmet web application, equipping the client with the necessary tools and knowledge for effective system management. The plan emphasizes collaboration, adherence to best practices, and proactive risk management to ensure a smooth transition and a successful project closeout. </p>

==Transition Approach==
<p>General Approach: </p>
<p>To ensure a smooth and uninterrupted transition for the Chubby Gourmet project, a phased approach will be implemented, prioritizing continuity and minimal disruption. The objective is to transfer knowledge, resources, and responsibilities gradually and systematically to the new team, minimizing the risk of service interruptions and downtime. </p>
<p>The transition approach will encompass the following steps: </p>

a. Identifying Key Variables: A comprehensive understanding of the critical factors, variables, or parameters relevant to the project will be established. This includes recognizing crucial elements that significantly impact the overall success of the project. 
 
b. Determining Roles: The specific roles and responsibilities of each team member will be defined. This involves assigning specific tasks and clearly outlining the roles and duties of individuals involved in the project. 
 
c. Clarifying Responsibilities: Clear and concise responsibilities will be communicated to each team member. This ensures that everyone has a precise understanding of their specific duties and the expectations placed upon them. 
 
d. Assigning Work: Tasks and activities will be delegated to team members based on their skills and expertise. This delegation process ensures an effective and efficient distribution of workload. 
 
e. Monitoring Progress: The progress of the project will be closely monitored to track the timely completion of tasks and milestones. This allows for the early identification of any issues or delays, enabling proactive corrective actions. 
 
f. Implementing Corrective Action: In the event of project-related challenges or issues, appropriate corrective actions will be taken. This may involve modifying the project plan, reallocating resources, or making necessary adjustments to ensure project success. 

<p>By following these steps, the transition approach facilitates effective communication, meticulous planning, knowledge transfer, efficient allocation of staff, and active progress monitoring while addressing any emerging issues. </p>
<p>Timeline: </p>
<p>The transition plan consists of two primary phases: implementation and closeout. </p>
<p>The implementation phase, scheduled from, includes activities such as user training and progress monitoring. The closeout phase, taking place from, involves documenting lessons learned, updating files/records, obtaining formal acceptance, archiving files/documents, and conducting a project closeout meeting. </p>
<p>The timeline provides a detailed schedule for each activity, ensuring the prompt completion of all transition tasks. The success of the transition plan relies on careful planning and execution of each activity as outlined in the timeline. </p>
<p>Assumptions: </p>
<p>To facilitate the transition approach, the following assumptions will be made: </p>
a. The project developers and software testers will be available on-site or through online meetings to actively participate in the transition process and receive knowledge transfer. 
 
b. The project team will provide the Quality Assurance Lead with all necessary documentation, training materials, and instruction manuals to facilitate the transfer of knowledge. 
 
c. Asia Pacific College (APC) will provide all required equipment and software licenses to the project team to support the system. 
 
d. The project team possesses the necessary skills and knowledge to sustainably support the system once the transition is completed. 
<p>By considering these assumptions and following the transition approach outlined above, we aim to ensure a successful and seamless transition for the Chubby Gourmet project, enabling the new team to effectively manage and maintain the system. </p>

==Team Organization==
<p>Transition Project Manager (TPM): The individual responsible for overseeing and ensuring the overall success of the transition. The TPM leads the transition team, ensures timely completion of tasks, maintains coordination with the customer, and ensures adherence to the transition plan. </p>
<p>Developers/Technical Lead (DTL): Responsible for providing technical expertise throughout the project. The Developers/Technical Lead works closely with the project team to understand the system and establish a transition plan. Additionally, the TL facilitates coordination with the new contractor to ensure a smooth transfer of technical knowledge and expertise. </p>
<p>Software Tester Lead (STL): Tasked with developing test plans, organizing testing activities, and upholding software quality standards. The STL collaborates closely with project managers, developers, and stakeholders to ensure a seamless and successful software testing process. </p>
<p>Quality Assurance (QA) Lead: Responsible for ensuring that all deliverables meet the specified quality standards outlined in the transition plan. The QA Lead works closely with the TPM to develop quality metrics and ensure the completion of all transition tasks to a high standard. </p>
<p>Project Team Members: Responsible for providing support, knowledge, and expertise related to the system. They collaborate closely with the TPM, developers, and other team members to facilitate a smooth transition of knowledge and expertise. </p>

==Workforce Execution During Transition==
<p>During the transition phase of the Chubby Gourmet project, several crucial tasks will need to be completed to ensure a smooth handover. These tasks include: </p>
<ul>
<li>User Training: Develop and deliver training materials to educate users about the new system. Conduct training sessions that combine classroom instruction and hands-on practice to familiarize users with the system's functionalities. </li>
 
<li>System Launch: Ensure all necessary systems are in place and functioning properly before making the new system available to users. Conduct final system tests and verify the accurate migration of data to ensure a seamless transition. </li>
 
<li>Lessons Learned Documentation: Document the insights gained throughout the project, highlighting areas of success and areas for improvement. This document will serve as a valuable resource for future projects, promoting the adoption of best practices. </li>
 
<li>Updating Files/Records: Update relevant files and records to reflect the project's completion. This may involve archiving specific documents or updating contracts and agreements with updated information. </li>
 
<li>Formal Acceptance: Obtain formal acceptance from the client, indicating successful completion of the transition. Ensure all deliverables have been met and address any outstanding concerns to ensure client satisfaction. </li>
 
<li>Archiving Files/Documents: Archive all project-related files and documents, including contracts, agreements, project plans, and other pertinent materials. </li>
 
<li>Project Closeout Meeting: Conduct a project closeout meeting with all stakeholders to review the project's overall performance, acknowledge successes, identify areas for improvement, and address any remaining issues. </li>
 
</ul>

==Subcontracts==
<p>Additionally, since there are no existing contracts or subcontract agreements associated with the Chubby Gourmet project, there is no need for a transition or transfer of such contracts or agreements. </p>


==Property Transition==
===Incumbent Owned Equipment===
<p>As part of the transition plan for the Chubby Gourmet project, it is essential to address the transfer of user accounts and passwords. The following outlines the steps and considerations for this particular aspect of the transition: </p>
<ul>
<li>User Account Inventory: 
• Create a comprehensive inventory that lists all user accounts and their associated privileges. This inventory should include internal and external users, such as administrators, customers, and other relevant stakeholders. Identify any inactive or unnecessary accounts that can be excluded from the transition. </li>
 
 
<li>Password Security: 
• Prioritize security throughout the transition process by resetting or disabling all user passwords. This step helps prevent unauthorized access to the system and sensitive data. Notify users before the transition, instructing them to change their passwords to a temporary one provided. During the transition, enforce the creation of new, strong passwords by all users. </li>
 
<li>User Account Table: 
• Develop a table detailing the user accounts to be transferred or disabled. Include information such as usernames, associated email addresses, and specific privileges or access rights. Clearly indicate whether each account will be transferred or disabled, and provide any necessary instructions for the transition. </li>
</ul>
<p>In summary, the transition of user accounts and passwords is a crucial component of the Chubby Gourmet project's transition plan. By creating a comprehensive account inventory, prioritizing password security, and establishing clear procedures for account transition and disablement, a seamless and secure transition can be achieved. </p>


==Knowledge Transfer==
<p>Documentation/Guides: </p>
<ul>
<li> The project team and senior developer will prepare comprehensive documentation and guides for Chubby Gourmet, covering various aspects of the system and its implementation. </li>
<li> The documentation will include a project overview, system architecture, functional requirements, technical specifications, and other relevant materials to provide a clear understanding of the system's workings. </li>
<li> The guides will offer detailed, step-by-step instructions on performing specific tasks related to the E-commerce web application. </li>
</ul
<p>Training: </p>
<ul>
<li> Chubby Gourmet's owner, Miss Priscilla Mariano, will receive personalized training from the project team to ensure a thorough understanding of the system's functionalities and processes. </li>
<li> Access to online training materials and resources will be provided to Miss Priscilla Mariano for continuous learning and skill development related to the E-commerce web application. </li>
<li> Miss Priscilla Mariano will be responsible for disseminating the acquired knowledge to relevant stakeholders within Chubby Gourmet.</li> 
</ul>
<p>To facilitate effective knowledge transfer, regular check-ins and meetings will be scheduled between the project team, senior developer, and Miss Priscilla Mariano. These sessions will ensure a successful transfer of knowledge and address any questions or concerns promptly. Additionally, any updates or changes to the system will be documented and shared with Miss Priscilla Mariano, enabling her to stay up to date with the latest information and functionalities of the E-commerce web application. </p>


==Handover and Acceptance==
<p>The initiation of the handover and acceptance process will commence upon the fulfillment of the implementation phase, encompassing all necessary documentation and deliverables. Subsequently, the project team will arrange a formal meeting with the project sponsor and other pertinent stakeholders to review the transition plan and verify the fulfillment of all requirements. </p>
<p>During the handover meeting, the project team will present the completed transition plan, along with all essential documentation and deliverables, to the project sponsor and relevant stakeholders. The presented materials will be thoroughly examined and discussed to address any remaining issues or concerns. </p>
<p>Once all matters are resolved, the project sponsor and stakeholders will endorse the formal acceptance document as proof of the successful completion of the handover. This acceptance document will encompass a checklist of all obligatory deliverables and documentation, featuring the signatures of the stakeholders who have reviewed and approved the materials. </p>
<p>Additionally, the handover and acceptance section will outline the procedure for resolving any lingering issues or concerns that may arise subsequent to the handover. This may involve following a formal dispute resolution process or implementing corrective measures to rectify identified deficiencies. </p>
<p>Overall, the handover and acceptance section within the contract transition out plan will offer a comprehensive and detailed roadmap for accomplishing the handover process, ensuring the satisfaction of all stakeholders with the outcomes. </p>


=Part 1=
<p>This link will redirect you to the Part 1 of this Project Wiki. <a href="https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/wiki/Group-02-HighTable---CHUBBY-GOURMET%E2%80%99S-E-COMMERCE-WEB-APPLICATION-Part-1">Click here</a></p>



=Consolidated Project Management Plan=
<p>This link will redirect you to consolidated project management plan. <a href="https://asiapacificcollege-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/jlquesada_apc_edu_ph/EV8IFRPSdkVLpn5vSysuxpYBXgPPS6vFhbXAZDj6lZFHWw?e=Q3UUzA"> Click here </a></p>

