=Project Title=
<b><font size="12"><p style="text-align:center">Villamin Wood and Iron Works Ordering System</p></font></b>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio Quesada</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 </table>

==Project Adviser==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Manuel Sebastian S. Sanchez</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">manuels@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Leigh Curtis Camara</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">lbcamara2@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Sofia Emmanuelle Villamin</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">srvillamin@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Mabelle Aspeli</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">mtaspeli@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Dale Joshua Domingo</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">dbdomingo@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Nathaniel Sison</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">nmsison@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Ludwig Marco Angeles</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">ltangeles@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
</table>

=Company Profile=
==Brief Background==
<p> Villamin Wood & Iron Works is a Company and a provider of high-quality customized solutions in the field of woodworking, ironworking, glass fabrication, and aluminum works. With a commitment to innovation, precision quality, and exceptional customer service, we have established ourselves as a trusted name in the industry. Our company specializes in the design, customizing products, manufacturing, and installation of a wide range of products, catering to both residential and commercial clients.  </p>

==Mission==
<p>Our mission is to deliver superior quality and innovative solutions in the fields of woodworks, ironworks, glass fabrication, and aluminum works. We aim to exceed customer expectations by providing customized, durable, and aesthetically pleasing products that enhance the functionality and visual appeal of any space. Through our commitment to excellence, we strive to become the preferred choice for clients seeking premium manufacturing services. </p>

==Product Offerings==
# <b>Woodworks </b>- We offer a comprehensive range of wood-based products, including custom furniture, cabinetry, kitchenware, and architectural woodwork. Our skilled craftsmen work with various wood species, traditional techniques to create products that are built to last. Traditional woodworking techniques offer unique qualities that appeal to those who value craftsmanship, sustainability, and the preservation of cultural heritage.

# <b>Ironworks </b>- Our ironwork division specializes in the design and fabrication of high-quality wrought iron gates, fences, railings, window frames, and staircases. We blend traditional blacksmithing methods with contemporary design principles to produce durable, visually appealing ironwork that adds elegance and security to residential and commercial properties..

# <b>Glass Fabrication </b>- Our state-of-the-art glass fabrication facilities offer a wide range of customized glass solutions. These include glass doors, windows, partitions, shower enclosures, and mirrors. Our skilled artisans work with precision, ensuring flawless cutting, edging, tempering, and laminating to deliver exceptional glass products that enhance both aesthetics and functionality.

# <b>Aluminum Works </b>-Our aluminum works division specializes in the design, fabrication, and installation of aluminum-based solutions, including windows, doors, curtain walls, and façade systems. We offer an extensive selection of finishes and profiles, ensuring durability, energy efficiency, and architectural appeal for both residential and commercial projects.

# <b>Clientele </b> We serve a diverse range of clients, including homeowners, architects, interior designers, contractors, developers, and businesses across various industries. Our commitment to understanding and meeting our client's unique requirements has earned us a loyal customer base and numerous successful collaborations. 

=Business Case=

==Issue==
<p>The decline in sales following the recent pandemic, which forced our client to shut down their business for more than five months, is the issue that presents itself as a problem for their business. In addition, other businesses began to respond to the pandemic with innovative technologies and marketing opportunities. These businesses were able to adapt to changes that helped them grow their sales and market by integrating online tools, which our clients did not use to their full potential, resulting in a decline in sales and a lack of customer reach. </p>
<p> The project was created to address the issue in their current business process. Their business process consists of manual methods in terms of taking orders, monitoring inventory, and recording sales. This may be a common problem, especially now after the pandemic as most businesses adapted to new methods incorporating the use of technology for their benefit. For this reason, the Villamin Wood and Ironworks company is looking to address those problems in order to innovate and improve their business. </p>

==Anticipated Outcomes==
<p>Once the project has been implemented, this will by leading to more customer interaction with their business as the online store will add credibility and improve the customer’s online experience and it will also lead to more sales as more orders can be processed at a time with the help of the ordering system. </p> 
<p>The client will manage and monitor the project's final state, which will run smoothly as they continue to incorporate their products online and meet customer needs faster and more conveniently. </p>

==Recommendation==
<p>The team addresses the business problem by creating a system or an ordering system that will help the business improve. In a matter of time and the client's decision, the system may be upgraded, and more features could be added apart from the general features that are needed for the first deployment of the system. This system will be beneficial to the Villamin Wood and Iron Works business with the use of mobile devices or web browsers, customers will be able to quickly access well-organized item listings, increasing convenience for both companies and customers. Also, this system contains example designs of the items and customers will be able to customize their design that was given by the business. This eliminates the need for customers to physically visit the store, and transactions can be done online to save time and effort instead of having to go into the business physically. </p>

==Justification==
<p>Applying the system created for Villamin Wood and Iron Works will increase the possibility of expanding their customer reach and increasing product sales in comparison to their initial use of the Facebook Page. This ordering system will help customers order their desired products even when they are at home or at their workplace. It will provide easy communication between the customer and the client, and an easy transaction for the products or items, this will help Villamin Wood and Iron Works gain more customers and increase their sales continuously without errors or problems. However, this system will not replace their initial page on Facebook, but rather it will help the system to be more advertised and seen by other potential customers. </p>

==Business Case Analysis Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESCRIPTION</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Leigh Curtis Camara & Ludwig Marco Angeles</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Quality Assurance</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Tracking, evaluating, and recommending actions to fix or strengthen a company's end products to fulfill defined quality requirements. </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Dale Joshua Domingo</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Tester</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Accountable of developing testing scenarios regarding software accessibility, conducting these evaluations, and providing feedback to the development team on the effectiveness and errors. </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Sofia Emmanuelle Villamin</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Owner</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Primary point of contact on behalf of the client to identify product specifications for the development team. </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Nathaniel Sison</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Developer</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Producing, programming, implementing, and overseeing software systems.</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Manuel Villamin Jr.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Responsible for the overall success of the project, involving assigning the project manager as well as a group; establishing success criteria, and guaranteeing the project's accomplishment. </p></td>
 </tr>
 </table><br/>

==Problem Definition==
==Problem Statement==
<p>The project’s business client, Villamin Wood, and Iron Works, owned by Mr. Manuel Villamin Jr. is a manufacturing enterprise where products are made to order. The company has been operational since 1983, in its span, the company’s estimated profit is 600,000 per year. The problem started when the lockdown happened due to the pandemic, and the company did not anticipate that its profit would decrease by 30%. Since then, they started to use and create their own Facebook page to help increase their clientele. </p>
<p> However, Villamin Wood and Iron Works’ Facebook page became outdated, and not knowing how to create an advertisement and how to improve their page to help them market the company to customers, other competitors covered their page.</p>

==Organizational Impact==
<p>There are no new roles required for this project. But existing roles will have to tend for the project to work as intended. The following are the existing roles and their responsibilities:</p>

# Store Manager
#* Manage the product’s availability.
#* Managing the System’s Database.
#* Tend to the customers’ orders.
#* Monitor business performance through Dashboard.

# Store Owner
#* Edit the website.
#* Managing the System’s Database.
#* Monitor business performance through Dashboard Reports.

==Technology Migration==
<p>Villamin Wood and Iron Works operate in Paper and Pen when documenting their sales and list of goods. The System Proposed by MLNSD will transition their current operations digitally into PHP and SQL. In the process, the team will continuously coordinate with the client to achieve the output desired. In line with coordinating with the client, the team created a Form for the client to fill out if they have concerns, and if there are any details for the team. An interface is prepared in the system for the client to import new products. This will enable them to modify the product listing displayed independently. As of May 2023, the client has provided sixteen of their product lists that have been then migrated to the system manually in preparation for the initial deployment. </p>

==Project Overview==
<p> The project created for Villamin Wood and Iron Works upon their request is an ordering system to help improve their current business process which is why the team developed an ordering system. Part of the goals and objectives of this project is to boost the number of customers and improve the time it takes for transactions to be completed. </p>

<p>As the project progresses there will be a list of project assumptions, constraints, and milestones along the way. However, the preliminary list which the team will build upon is provided below. </p>

==Project Description==
<p>The project which is an Ordering System will consist of features created to benefit both the client and their customers and will be implemented to address the business problems of the client. Utilizing the features of the online store will help to solve business problems. </p>

<p>The key features are as follows: </p>

# <b>Ordering System -</b> To provide a convenient and faster way to process and create orders.
# <b>Customer Sign-up/Log-in- </b>To have accounts that can interact with the online store.
# <b>Admin Dashboard -</b>To be able to monitor the sales and inventory.

==Goals and Objectives==
<p>The business goals and objectives supported by the project created by MLNSD are prominently observed as requested by the client (Villamin Wood and Iron Works) which is to boost the number of customers and to increase sales with the help of an online store. The project addresses those objectives by developing the online store with an ordering system and having the ability to manage stocks and views reports on the dashboard. Listed below are the specific objectives of the project: </p>

# To boost the number of customers by creating a convenient alternative for their Facebook page through our systems which minimize the amount of clicks it takes to order by two clicks.
# To create features for the system such as the add-to-cart and check-out feature which will improve the time it takes for transactions to complete from the previous 2-3 days and now can be accomplished within 1-2 days.

==Project Performance==
<p>A quantitative criterion to gauge the project's performance will be used to assess its success. The following criteria will be used to gauge the project's success using KPI: </p>

# Budget Plan - </b>The team will look for inefficiency and waste to guarantee quality control in project management procedures. They will also monitor the construction of the project to ensure that the budget will not exceed.
# Milestones - </b> The team will track project progress to make sure the project is going according to plan and schedule for the project development.
# Productivity - </b> The productivity of the team will be monitored while they conduct their tasks and responsibilities and monitor the progress of the assigned work.
# Team Satisfaction - </b>The team will make sure that every team member increases productivity and does their work satisfactorily.
# Client satisfaction -</b> The team will offer a Client Satisfaction Survey evaluation to gauge the project's effectiveness and efficiency.

==Project Assumptions==
# There will be communication between the team and the company if there are complications occur upon deployment.
# The business and the team will discuss any additional resources.
# Additional features or changes will be added depending on the discussion and agreement between the team and the client.

==Project Constraints==
<p>These are the following constraints pertain to Villamin Wood and Iron Works: </p>

# It is necessary to purchase if there are any additional requirements within the allocated budget and time limit. The group will guarantee to effectively accomplish the targets to meet the undertaking goals, and the group will guarantee to effectively accomplish the requirements.
# The software that will be used is necessary to be compatible with our IT platforms.
# To avoid conflict, any additional requirements should be discussed prior to the deadline.

==Major Project Milestones==
<p>According to the milestone schedule below, the project plan will be submitted and approved. After the project plan is approved, resources will be assigned to it. Any schedule adjustments that may affect milestones must be approved by the Project Sponsor. The project plan will include a thorough schedule. </p>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DELIVERABLE</p></td>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">COMPLETION DATE</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Proposal Evaluation (Sprint 1)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">May 2, 2022</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Final Project Proposal Evaluation (Sprint 2)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">June 2, 2022</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Management Plan Evaluation (Sprint 3)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">June 12, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Final Project Management Plan (Sprint 4)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">June 22, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Initial Prototype Evaluation</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">January 30, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Initial Prototype Progression</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">February 6, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Final Evaluation of Initial Prototype (Sprint 5)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">February 13, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Diagram Revisions</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">November 11, 2022</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Database Initial Evaluation (Sprint 6)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">February 6, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Final Sprint Evaluation (Sprint 7)</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">April 3, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">System and Documentation Handover</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">June 30, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Formal Acceptance</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">July 3, 2023</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 
</tr>
</table>

==Strategic Alignment==
<p>By ensuring that the Ordering System is in line with Villamin Wood and Iron Work's strategic goals and objectives, the team MLNSD will optimize the project's value and guarantee its contribution to the company's long-term success. </p>

<p><b>Villamin Wood and Iron Works aims to deliver superior craftsmanship and innovative solutions in the fields of woodwork, ironworks, glass fabrication, and aluminum works.</b></p>

<p>A flexible, scalable ordering system that can support the development and growth of the company in the future. The ordering system allows customers to customize orders based on their specific requirements. This flexibility is crucial, as it aligns with the company's commitment to delivering unique, tailored quality. The system should enable customers to choose from a range of options, such as design elements, finishes, sizes, and materials for iron, glass, and aluminum works. </p>

<p><b>Villamin Wood and Iron Works aims to exceed customer expectations and enhance the functionality and visual appeal of their products. </b></p>

<p>By aligning with this goal, an ordering system is a customer-centric approach that enhances the customer experience and provides convenience. The ordering system is designed to be user-friendly and intuitive and includes features that make it simple for clients to place orders and track progress. </p>

<p><b>Villamin Wood and Iron Works strives to become the preferred choice for clients seeking premium manufacturing services.</b>

: By aligning the ordering system with the strategic goals of the company of becoming the preferred choice for premium manufacturing services, the ordering system will enhance the overall customer experience by allowing customers to easily navigate through the process. Incorporate features such as real-time order tracking and customization. Lastly, by improving operational efficiency optimize the workflow and automate processes within the ordering system to minimize errors, reduce lead times, and improve overall operational efficiency.

==Cost Benefit Analysis==
<p> As the objective implies, 50% of customer reach is targeted for this project's success, if most of those customers purchased a product, we could safely say that there will be a 50% increase in sales. This table is not final, and this is introduced for the client’s approval: </p>

<table border="1" width="100%" allign="center">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Benefit</th>
<th>Cost</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td> Functional System
<td> $485.87
</tr>
<tr>
<td> Website Platform 
</tr>
<tr>
<td> Storage Accounts
</tr>
<tr>
<td> SQL Database
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

==Alternatives Analysis==
<p>There are other alternatives that the team has put into consideration for the Business's concern. Listed are those alternative solutions alongside with why the team did not lean towards it: </p>

# Focus on the current business process.
#* Though the company and its employees have grown accustomed to their current practice, this method could impose a threat compared to their competitors. As other competitors innovate their way through online platforms, they also increase their chances of attracting customers, and have a well-documented process. If the company were to disregard innovation in marketing, they might find it more difficult to market what they are selling and rely only on what was written.

# Enhance the company's Facebook page.
#* The client already has a Facebook page, but this limits them from customizing their page in a way that may help them introduce their company to the mass public. 
# 3. Sell products through available e-commerce websites.

==8.Approvals==

=Project Charter Plan=
==Executive Summary==
<p>Since 1983, our company, Villamin Wood & Iron Works, has proven the durability of its products. But they lack customer reach and sales. Due to that problem, Villamin Wood & Iron Works System has been created to help reach out to more customers, not only through on-shop but also online, which will also help increase the company’s sales. The project is being created as a solution and in line with the current ordering system to accomplish both the customer's and company’s needs. </p>

==Project Purpose/Justification==
==Business Need==
<p>The Villamin Wood & Iron Works System has been created to help the company increase its sales and customer reach to take back the loss in income from the sudden temporary closing of the shop due to the pandemic. Also, to enhance the convenience of their customers. In this approach, it will eliminate unnecessary expenses for the company. The cost to make the system successful will be covered by the company owner, and recovered by the system's anticipated results. </p>

==Business Objectives==
# Strengthen customer service.
#* Develop goals that motivate them and ensure that our customers and clients have a positive experience with our services. And emphasize the importance of providing an exceptional customer experience every time we connect with our customers and clients.
# Selling a more reliable product.
#* Our company will set quality and troubleshooting goals to identify areas for improvement within our products. With this, we will be able to give constant enhancements and upgrades based on the demands of our clients.

==Project Description==
<p>The Villamin Wood & Iron Works System will support the increase in the company’s sales and customer reach. The system will provide easy navigation and transaction to avoid complications while customers are using the system. The system will be an additional tool from the company’s current platform to attain its objectives while allowing customers to browse and process orders easily. </p>

==Project Objectives and Success Criteria==
==Constraints==
<p>These are the following constraints pertain to Villamin Wood and Iron works: </p>
# It is necessary to purchase if there are any additional requirements within the allocated budget and time limit.
# The stakeholder will provide the necessary information for the project.
# The software to be used must be suitable for our IT (Information Technology) platforms.

==Assumptions==
# There will be communication between the team and the company if there are complications occur upon deployment. 
# If there are more resources, the company and the team will discuss them. 

==Preliminary Scope Statement==
<p>This project created by the MLNSD team will include designing, improving, testing, and delivery of an improved online ordering system for the client, Villamin Wood & Iron Works. The improved system will require internet use to capture the orders and training of the client's staff to manage and administer the website. The project will conclude once the system is ready for deployment. </p>

==Risks==
<p>The following risks are what the team has foreseen that could affect the project’s development: </p>

# <b>Technical Risks -</b> There is a risk that the project may be delayed due to technical reasons.
# <b>Resource Risks-</b> There is a risk that the project may not have access to enough resources causing a stop of work or adjustments in budget or other delays.
# <b>Security Risks-</b> There is a risk of being hacked and having a breach in the system.
# <b>Changes in Technology-</b> There is a risk that a change in the industry of technology occurs which may require additional work or resources to adapt.
# <b>Human Error-</b> There is a risk that a person may commit a mistake or error that could negatively affect the project.
# <b>Unforeseen Circumstances-</b> There is a risk that circumstances such as natural disasters could cause disturbance and impact the project in an unexpected way.

<p>With the listed risks, the team will collaborate with the stakeholders and ensure that the foreseen risks will be tended to. In preparation to reinforce the project based on the risks listed, the team will create solutions that are aligned with the project budget and constraints. If the risks were to affect the system, the team will ensure this is handled with immediate response. </p>

==Project Key Deliverables==
<p> Following the project's successful conclusion, the following deliverables must be met. These deliverables cannot be altered without the project sponsor's consent.</p>
#* Product
#* Logo


==Budget Summary==
<p>?</p>

==Project Approval Requirements==
<p>The project will be considered successful when everything is completely deployed during the project's life span within the time restrictions specified in this charter. Furthermore, as we fully anticipate the need for this solution to evolve to avert future threats, this measure of success must contain a list of recommendations for consideration. The Project Sponsor, Mr. Manuel Villamin Jr., who will also approve the project's conclusion, will determine its success. </p>

==Project Management Approach==
<p>The Project Sponsor has complete power over the execution of plans and any necessary revisions.  The Project Manager, on the other hand, oversees supervising and executing the project in accordance with the Project Plan. Personnel from the administrative, product development, and quality assurance groups will make up the project team. </p>
<p>To complete project planning, the project manager will collaborate with all resources. The project sponsor will examine and approve all project and subsidiary management plans. The project sponsor will also make all financing decisions. Any delegation of approval authority to the project manager should be documented and approved by both the project sponsor and the project manager.   </p>

==Project Technical Approach==
<p>Our technological approach for Villamin Wood and Iron Works System is based on a thorough understanding of the project requirements and constraints. Our team will use an agile product development methodology to assure the on-time delivery of a high-quality solution that fulfills the client's expectations.</p>
==Product Development Methodology==
<p>Our product management strategy is based on an agile project management framework. We will use an agile approach to allow for quick iterations and ongoing feedback from stakeholders, as well as to ensure that the project is completed on time and within budget.</p>
<p>The steps in the methodology are as follows:</p>
# Project Initiation
# Planning
# Execution
# Closure
<p>We will maintain ongoing communication with the client throughout the product development life cycle to ensure that the project stays on track and satisfies their needs. We will also focus on user experience and design to ensure that the product is easy to use.  </p>

=Project Management Plans=
==Stakeholder Strategy Management Plan==
==Introduction==
<p>The objectives and guiding principles for Villamin Wood and Iron Works' participants, staff, and employees are outlined in this paper. It provides a strategic plan to guarantee Villamin Wood and Iron Works' recognition as well as its continued growth and expansion. </p>
<p>The organization must contribute to defining and enabling modern technology in a world marked by risk and uncertainty as well as an enormous opportunity. We think Villamin Wood and Iron Works is in an outstanding position to acquire the necessary abilities in all project participants and to have a business strategy that will assist the company's growth. </p>
<p>Villamin Wood and Iron Works affiliates directly contributed to the creation of our Strategic Plan for 2022–2023. Thus, the plan invites all stakeholders to actively participate as we build on our strengths, fix our flaws, and strive to reach our potential. </p>

==Identify Stakeholders==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">STAKEHOLDER</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">INTEREST LEVEL <br> H/L</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">EXPECTATIONS</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">ACTIONS REQUIRED</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">CONTACT</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Manuel C. Villamin Jr.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Porject Sponsor</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">The detailed plan and assurance that the project will be completed within the agreed-upon timeframe and budget with clear milestones along the way.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Review and approve the project plan, including timelines, milestones, and deliverables.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">villaminmcverv@gmail.com</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Mabelle Aspeli</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Project Manager</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Acquire and approve the required documents that should be approved by the 
  stakeholder. Follow up questions to the client if there are clarifications. </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Align stakeholders around the vision of the product</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">mtaspeli@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>Set realistic expectations with stakeholders regarding project scope, timelines, deliverables, and resource limitations. Manage any potential conflicts or disagreements by finding mutually acceptable solutions. Regularly update stakeholders on any changes to project plans or objectives.
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Leigh Curtis Camara & Ludwig Marco Angeles</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Quality Assurance</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">QA is expected to work closely with these stakeholders to ensure that the project or services adhere to the required quality standards and meet all the necessary regulatory or compliance requirements. </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Provides timely and accurate feedback on the quality of the project.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">lbcamara2@student.apc.edu.ph & ltangeles@student.apc.edu.ph </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Sofia Emmanuelle Villamin</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Project Owner</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Expected to provide feedback on the project and help throughout the project’s completion.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Regularly engage with stakeholders, understand their expectations, and prioritize and communicate effectively to manage those expectations throughout the project development lifecycle.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">srvillamin@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Nathaniel Sison</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Team Developer</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Obtain project requirements and client demand</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;"> Liaise with team leader and stakeholders to execute suitable requisite. </p> 
  </td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">nmsison@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Dale Joshua Domingo</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Product Tester</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">H</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Provides regular updates on the testing progress, communicates any risks or issues that may impact the business, and provide recommendations for improving the testing process or overall quality assurance.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Verify that the project meets these requirements and ensure that appropriate documentation and evidence are available for auditing purposes.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">dbdomingo@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
</table>

==Key Stakeholders==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">STAKEHOLDER</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">RESPONSIBILITIES</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">COMMENTS</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Mabelle Aspeli</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Project Manager</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Principal responsible party for the project's accomplishment. Work plan, resource allocation, risk management, scope change management, milestones monitoring, and project status communication with all stakeholders. </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Notifies the Team Leader of any escalating risks, problems, or personnel difficulties. </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Leigh Curtis Camara & Ludwig Marco Angeles</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Quality Assurance</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Responsible for identifying any ambiguities or gaps in the requirements and collaborating with stakeholders to resolve them. Additionally, play a role in documenting the requirements and ensuring they are clear, concise, and testable. </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">The quality assurance process has been effective in identifying and resolving potential issues. The team's commitment to quality is commendable, and continuous improvement efforts will further enhance the product's quality and user satisfaction.</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Sofia Emmanuelle Villamin</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Product Owner</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Responsible for defining and communicating the product vision to all key stakeholders. This involves understanding the needs and goals of the stakeholders and aligning them with the overall product strategy. </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Ensures that the team is aligned on the product vision and goals. Discuss any changes or updates to make sure that the team is still on the right track. </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Nathaniel Sison</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Developer</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">A person in charge of organizing a functional or technical area's work. </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Emulate client's demand and develop the project.</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Dale Joshua Domingo</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Tester</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;"> Create and maintain test documentation, including test plans, cases, scripts, and results. Ensure the documentation is up to date and easily accessible for future reference.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Provides further details and assists in resolving any identified issues. </p></td>
 </tr>
</table>

==Stakeholder Analysis==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">STAKEHOLDER</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;"><i>IMPACT</i><br>How much does the project impact them? <br> (Low, Medium, 
  High) </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;"><i>INFLUENCE</i><br>How much influence do they have over the project? <br> 
  (Low, Medium, High) </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">WHAT IS IMPORTANT TO THE STAKEHOLDER? </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Manuel C. Villamin Jr.</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Providing detailed and efficient plan to support the development of the team</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Mabelle Aspeli</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Project Manager</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Keeping all stakeholders informed, involved, and on board throughout the project’s development</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Leigh Curtis Camara & Ludwig Marco Angeles</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Quality Assurance</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Giving a proactive approach to identifying and resolving quality issues, as well as implementing preventive measures to avoid future problems.
</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Sofia Emmanuelle Villamin</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Project Owner </p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Ensures that the product is delivered within the agreed-upon timeframe and budget constraints. </p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Nathaniel Sison</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Developer</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Improving the project's quality to the fullest.</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Dale Joshua Domingo</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">Tester</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">High</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:left;">To engage with stakeholders, understand their priorities, and align their testing efforts accordingly </p></td>
 </tr>
</table>

=Scope Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Villamin Wood and Iron Works System plan for scope management describes the technologies and resources that will be used to create, document, and handle the project's context. The team will utilize agile methodologies and collaborative tools to build an ordering system that meets the project's demands. </p>

# <b> Collect Requirements – </b> To gather and record the system's requirements, the project team will employ a variety of methods, including client interviews and discussions. 
# <b> Define Scope – </b> To establish the scope, the user stories and scope statement will be integrated into a project management plan. To accommodate any alterations to the project's scope as it progresses, the plan will be updated on a regular basis. 
# <b> Verify Scope – </b> The project group will utilize an agile methodology to test and confirm the project's expectations align with the requirements and are in accordance with the scope statement.
# <b> Control Scope – </b> A change control process will be used to manage any changes to the project's scope. This process will look at how these changes will affect the project's schedule, budget, and quality. Additionally, each change solicitation guarantees that the change is fundamental, practical, and lined up with the project objectives. 
# <b> Create WBS – </b> This process breaks project deliverables down into progressively smaller and more manageable components which, at the lowest level, are called work packages.  This hierarchical structure allows for more simplicity in scheduling, costing, monitoring, and controlling the project. 

==Scope Management Approach==
<p>The Project Manager, Mabelle Aspeli, will have the authority and responsibility to manage scope management. Mabelle Aspeli will collaborate with the project sponsor, Mr. Manuel Villamin Jr, to establish and regulate the project's scope. </p>
# 1. The extent of the project will be assessed and confirmed by reports, frequent assessments of the project's advancement in comparison to the initial scope, and evaluation of the project's performance. If there are any variations from the initial scope, they will be identified and resolved through the scope change procedure.
# 2. Throughout the Villamin Wood and Iron Works process, the scope of the project will change, the Project Manager will have to accommodate a change request, and the project sponsor will give the final approval. To ensure that they align with the project objective and do not adversely affect the schedule or budget, any changes to the project scope must be thoroughly evaluated. 
# 3. It is the duty of the Project Manager to make sure that all project requirements have been met so that the final deliverables are accepted and approved by the stakeholder and the project sponsor. Once all the deliverables are accepted and any remaining issues are resolved, the successful completion of the project will be confirmed.

==Roles and Responsibilities==
# <b>Quality Assurance (QA)- </b> responsible for ensuring the project outcome meets all the requirements consistently. It also visualizes the development process that needs to be improved to ensure deliverables are completed accordingly.
# <b>Project Manager-</b>It is the responsibility of the Project Manager to manage and authorize modifications to the project's scope, as well as to establish and record the project's scope.
# <b>Project Team-</b>The project team’s responsibility is to verify the scope of the project and to ask any relevant questions regarding modifications that have been submitted. 
# <b>Product Owner-</b> This person is responsible for making strategic decisions and collaborating with the development team and ensuring that the business objectives are achieved. 
# <b>Project Sponsor-</b> Project Sponsor will have the authority to approve all changes, particularly in the project budget, schedule, and project scope. </ul>

==Scope Definition==
<p>The team developed the project Villamin Wood and Iron Works System to build a system that resolves all the issues presented by the client and to meet their demands which include the following: </p>

# Creating an Ordering System in the online store to address the conflicts with their manual ordering process. 
# Increasing the number of customer reach.
# Monitor the inventory of stocks and orders.

<p>The process of developing the detailed description of this project and its deliverables occurred through interviewing with the client and learning about their business process and understanding their struggles and how the team can contribute to their business by providing the project.  Team meetings discussing and developing a plan is an important process in the development of the project as we identified all requirements, the scope of the project, and how we can incorporate our ideas into the system. </p>

==Project Scope Statement==
<p><b>Product Scope Description - </b> The project will accomplish all requests made by the client based on the business problems they have provided which should be solved by the project. </p>
<p><b>Product Acceptance Criteria - </b> Part of the acceptance criteria will be based on the overall satisfaction of the client. This can be broken down into specific parts which include the deployment of a fully functioning online store, solving all the presented business problems, and catering to the needs of the customers through the online store. </p>
<p><b>Project Exclusions - </b> The following is out of the scope of the project and will not be included: </p>
<ul> a. Modification of the system beyond what was discussed in the project scope statement. </ul>
<ul> b. Collaborations with other systems/companies outside of the scope of the project.  </ul>

<p> <b>Project Constraints</b> - The following limits the project:  </p>
<ul> a. Limited budget </ul>
<ul> b. Availability of tools to use </ul>
<ul> c. Manpower </ul>

<p> <b>Project Assumptions</b> - The following assumptions have been made about the project: </p>
<ul> a. The project timeline will be followed. </ul>
<ul> b. The project will stick to the discussed budget. </ul>
<ul> c. The system will be fully functional and accessible to the client. </ul>

==Work Breakdown Structure==
<p>The Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) is a hierarchical representation of the project scope that breaks it down into smaller, more manageable pieces. Starting with the highest level and working down, each level in the WBS represents a progressively more thorough view of the project. The WBS Dictionary is a companion document to the WBS that contains specific information about each component in the WBS, such as the scope of work, deliverables, responsibilities, and any other pertinent information. </p>

<p>The project team will split the project scope using the WBS and WBS Dictionary. Smaller, more manageable components, as well as assigning responsibilities to each component. This will help to guarantee that all areas of the project are considered and addressed and that everyone in the team understands their role in the project's completion. The schedule and The WBS Dictionary will also be used to track progress, detect, and address issues, and ensure quality that the project remains on track and within its budget. Overall, the WBS and WBS Dictionary are effective. Tools for managing project scope and guaranteeing project success are required. </p>

==Scope Verification==
<p>In ensuring that the deliverables are verified leading to the formal acceptance of the project, the team will use the following methods for scope verification: </p>

# <b>Quality checklists - </b> This list will check that the requirements are being fulfilled and verify that they pass the standards to advance to the next deliverable.

# <b>Work performance measurements - </b>  The team will keep track of the progress of every deliverable, assuring that every member is contributing and fulfilling their roles in the development of the project. 

# <b>Scope baseline - </b> This is used to ensure that the deliverables will meet the scope and make sure that it maintains the original project scope despite changes being implemented. 

# <b>Formal Acceptance - </b> The acceptance of the project sponsor, other stakeholders, and the team is needed for the completion. This ensures that the team has met the demands and expectations of the client. That is why it is essential that there are consistent meetings and communications to ensure that the project and deliverables go as planned. 

==Scope Control==
<p>As part of the scope control process, the project's progress and outcomes will be evaluated on a regular basis to make sure they still adhere to the project scope that is stated in the Project Scope Statement. Any deviations from the scope will be assessed, and if fundamental, the changes in the scope will be documented and still follow the procedure in the existing scope. Monitoring and managing will be the responsibility of 
the project manager alongside the team and stakeholders. The project manager will be reviewed on a regular basis to make sure that the project progress is still being followed. </p>

<p>The following steps will be taken to modify the scope baseline during the scope control process for the Villamin Wood and Iron Works System project: </p>

# The request for a change in scope will be evaluated by the Project Manager and the Project Sponsor to assess its potential impact on the project schedule, financial plan, and available resources. 
# A scope change request will be initiated by any team member who identifies a requirement for a change to the scope. 
# If the request is approved, the Project Manager will create a plan of action to implement the change, revise the initial project scope, and communicate the change to all relevant stakeholders.
# The project team will continue with the original scope if the request is rejected. 

=Cost Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Cost Management Plan will include the required resources and process of estimating and tracking the cost to keep expenses within the planned budget. Mabelle Aspeli, our Project Manager, will be responsible for managing and reporting on the project expenses throughout the project duration. She will also have the authority to make and approve changes to the project to bring it back within the budget. The Project Cost Performance will be measured using a set of formulas that integrate schedule, scope, and costs to measure project success. The Project Manager will review the cost deviations she will be presenting to the project sponsor, and she will also provide options for the project back on budget. </p>

==Cost Management Approach==
<p>To facilitate a cost management plan, the team will imitate the key components of the management approach, and these are: </p>
<p><b> Cost Planning - </b>The team will develop a comprehensive cost plan that includes budgeting, estimating costs for resources, and establishing cost baselines. </p> 
<p><b> Cost Estimation - </b>The team will determine the expected costs of project activities, tasks, or resources using various techniques such as data analysis, expert judgment, and parametric estimation.  </p> 
<p><b> Cost Control - </b>The team will monitor and track costs against established baselines, identifying deviations and taking correctives within the planned limits. </p> 
<p><b> Cost Analysis - </b> The team will analyze cost data to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities for cost reduction or optimization. This may involve conducting a cost-benefit analysis, or variance analysis. </p> 
<p><b> Cost Optimization - </b> The team will seek ways to optimize costs by identifying cost-saving opportunities, improving efficiency, and exploring alternatives while considering the desired quality and performance. </p> 
<p><b> Cost Reporting - </b>  The team will generate regular reports and updates on cost performance, including actual costs incurred, forecasted costs, and variance analysis, to keep stakeholders informed and facilitate decision-making.  </p> 
<p><b> Risk Management - </b> The team will assess and manage potential risks that could impact costs, such as cost overruns, schedule delays, or changes in scope. Mitigation strategies are developed to minimize the impact of risks on project costs. </p> 
==Measuring Project Costs==
<p>The cost change control process will follow the established project change request process.  Approvals for project budget/cost changes must be approved by the project sponsor. </p>
<p><b>Depreciated Value:</b></p>
<ul> Assuming that the Useful Life in Years is 5 years until the equipment will not operate optimally, the Depreciation Rate of the item will be deducted 20% per year. </ul>
<ul>Depreciation Value (DV)=SRP-(SRP*(Years x Depreciation Rate))
	Example:
	PhP50,000-(PhP50000 * (3 years * 20%)) = PhP20,000
</ul>
<p><b>Equipment Usage</b></p>
<ul>Equipment usage is calculated similarly to renting the equipment used to accomplish the project. This is equated based on Depreciated Value, and Rental Rate. The Rental Rate is 10%, following the rate that the team has come up with to be received for rent.</ul>
<ul> Rental=Depricated Value x Rental Rate
	Example:
	PhP20,000 * 10% = PhP2,000
</ul>
<p><b>Labor</b></p>
<ul>Labor is the measurement of how the team exerted its efforts on finishing the project. This is also known as the Cost of Work Performed. </ul>
<ul> Labor=(hourly rate x Time Spent) Manpower
	Example:
	(PhP100 * 1629hours) 6 Members = PhP977,400
</ul>
<p><b>Actual Cost</b></p>
<ul> Actual Cost is how much the Service Provider is charging.</ul>
<ul>	Example:
	GoDaddy Web Hosting Economy = PhP5,988
	Actual Cost = PhP5,988
   </ul>

==Reporting Format==
# <b> Executive Summary - </b> The Team will discuss the reason for creating the project and its objectives.
# <b> Project Budget - </b> Acknowledging the costs expected and their limitations will determine how the project will perform, this will also set expectations.
# <b>3. Project Status - </b> Determining if there are bottlenecks, seeing if the project is accomplishing its objectives, and what can be done for improvements.
# <b> Milestone Achieved - </b> Keeping in the record the project’s set milestones will see its effectiveness.</p> 
# <b> Project Variance - </b> This will discuss what other variables are affecting the project’s budget and the project itself.</p> 
# <b> Setting New Milestones - </b> Creating new milestones for the project will predict its success and see what other factors that control the project's performance beyond what is documented.</p> 
# <b> Approval - </b> After the success of the meeting, the team will determine what to pursue based on what was the outcome of the meeting. This will then help the team to accomplish the necessary steps based on what the client has provided and is expecting.</p> 

==Cost Variance Response Process==
<p>The team, alongside the Project Sponsor, has allowed a leeway of 20% of the total budget in preparation for unidentified costs. This is then subjected to approval before allocating the cost. Variables such as Service Down Time, Change of Platform, Change of Service Charge, and New Feature Implementations are some of the costs that can be overlooked. If the threshold set has been exceeded, the Team will conduct a corrective action to minimize overbudgeting. All of these will then be presented to the Project Sponsor and Product Owner during the Monthly Project Meeting. If the new budget has been approved, the team will implement the necessary steps for the project's best interest, but if not, the team will create new alternatives to meet the client’s expectations.</p>

==Cost Changes Control Process==
<p><b> Cost Change Control - </b> The cost change control process will follow the established project change request process.  Approvals for project budget/cost changes must be approved by the project sponsor. </p> 
==Project Budget===

=Schedule Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The schedule management plan is a roadmap for the process of executing the project. This is important as they provide the status of the project to the project team, sponsor, and stakeholders. The purpose of the schedule management plan is to specify the methodology the project team will employ in putting together the project schedule. The schedule management plan must be identified, analyzed, documented, prioritized, approved, or rejected, and published. This plan will help the team to monitor the progress of the project and manage the changes to the project schedule after being approved. </p>

==Schedule Management Approach==
<p>The schedule management plan will be created with the help of the deliverables in the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS). The specific work packages that must be carried out to complete each deliverable will be identified by the activity definition. To determine the order of work packages, activity sequencing will be used and assigned between project activities. The number of work periods necessary to finish work packages will be determined using activity duration estimation. To finish schedule development, resource estimating will be used to allocate resources to work packages. </p>

<p>Once an initial schedule has been done, the project team and stakeholders will review the task and must agree on the proposed work package assignments, duration, and schedule. Afterward, the project team will have it reviewed by the project sponsor for approval and have the schedule baselined.  </p>

<p>The milestones for the projects schedule are as follows: </p>

#* Completion of deliverables 
#* Completion of the scope management plan and Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) 
#* Approval of initial schedule baseline 
#* Project Sponsor budget approval
#* Roles and responsibilities approval 
#* Acceptance of deliverables 

<p>Schedule development roles and responsibilities are the following: </p>

#* <b>Project Manager – </b> responsible for facilitating and checking the progress of the deliverables. The project manager also supports the team, stakeholders, and project sponsor in validating the proposed schedule. 
#* <b> Quality Assurance – </b> responsible for ensuring the completion of the deliverables. Also responsible for reviewing the proposed schedule and assigning activities after the schedule’s approval.
#* <b> Product Owner – </b> – responsible for reviewing the proposed schedule and assisting in approvals. 
#* <b>Project Developer– </b> manages a project's operations and typically collaborates with the project manager to create activities, schedules, and regular progress reports.
#* <b>Project Tester - </b> responsible for ensuring that the system satisfies the specified criteria, functions as intended, and satisfies the established quality standard. 
#* <b>Project Sponsor - </b> responsible for reviewing of proposed schedule and approval of the final schedule before baselined. 

==Schedule Control==
<p>The project schedule will be reviewed and updated on a twice-a-week basis with the actual start, actual initial completion, and the final completion percentage which will be given and reviewed by the Project Manager. Additionally, the project manager will be responsible for holding meetings for the updates and reviews, submission of schedule change requests, and reports of the schedule status according to the project’s communication plan. </p>

<p>The project team will be responsible for participating in the meetings for updates and reviews, reporting any changes of actual start and actual initial completion to the project manager. </p>

<p>The project sponsor will be responsible for maintaining the acknowledgment of the project schedule status, reviewing and approving any schedule change requests that will be submitted by the project manager. </p>

==Schedule Changes and Thresholds==
<p>If there is a need for a change in the schedule, the team must hold a meeting with the project manager and identify the proposed changes as they will affect the tasks in progress. While holding the meeting, the team must identify the cause of change and other changes and find a way of taking an alternative action to use for the success of the proposed scheduled plan. Afterward, the project manager may review the proposed changes and submit the schedule change request form to the project stakeholders and project sponsor. </p>

==Scope Change==
<p>The project team will need to assess the impact of any changes to the project scope that have been approved by the project sponsor on the current schedule. The project manager may request that the schedule be re-baselined to consider any changes that must be made as part of the new project scope if it is determined that the scope change will significantly affect the current project schedule. This request must be reviewed and approved by the project sponsor before the schedule can be re-baselined. </p>

=Continuation=
Cont. : https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/wiki/Villamin-Wood-and-Iron-Works-System-Part-2