= 1. PROJECT TITLE = 
<h3>Rams Corner Ticketing Service System</h3>

= 2. PROJECT MEMBERS =
== 2.1. Project Professor ==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
<tr>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
</tr>
</table>

== 2.2. Project Adviser ==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
<tr>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Mr. Alvin C. Limpin</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Adviser</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">alvinl@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
</tr>
</table>

== 2.3. Project Team ==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
  <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Ruth R. Morallos</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">rmorallos@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Allan Vincent Olayta Nefalar</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">aonefalar2@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Kieyl De Castro Ponce</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">kdponce@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Patrick Alvarez Cortez</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">pacortez@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Vincent Ablanido Nacor</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">vanacor@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">Bryan Denylle Geneta</p></td>
  <td><p style="text-align:center;">bmgeneta@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
 </tr>
</table>
<br/>

= 3. COMPANY PROFILE =
<p><strong>Brief Background</strong></p>
<p> ITRO or Information Technology Resource Group, </p>

= 4. BUSINESS CASE = 

== 4.1. Executive Summary ==
Through the cooperation of Asia Pacific College’s Information Technology Resource Office (APC-ITRO), Nacor Industries could help them improve their workflow and minimize any unwanted outcome that was prevalent before by making them an application suited more for their jobs as our client. The issue, anticipated outcomes, recommendation, and justification are provided in this report. 

=== 4.1.1 Issue ===
Upon meeting the head of the APC-ITRO, Mr. Castillo himself has stated that it is getting “harder and more inconvenient” for him and his team to continue their work through the same method he has been continually doing, due to their limited workforce and manpower to handle the school’s issues and queries. Even though everyone could reach them through emails, he or his agents could not always afford to get back at them and reply immediately, rendering the requests or questions futile since they would only be left unattended regardless of the urgency or importance of the task at hand. 

=== 4.1.2 Anticipated Outcomes ===
The anticipated outcome for the ITRO Client is that this software will make it easier for them to manage, prioritize, and organize the requests they will get from both instructors and students, whether they are on school premises or not. 

=== 4.1.3 Recommendation ===
The project approach is to create a dedicated system for the ITRO so that they would be able to address the requests and inquiries as soon as possible. The first step is communicating with Sir Jojo on what the ITRO needs and how it needs to be implemented and providing our own creative ideas for it. Next step is the stage where the system is being made (UI/UX. Backend) then testing and showing it to Sir Jojo if it is satisfactory. Lastly, the debugging, retesting, and deployment of the project will be done to check if the system is doing fine. We expect the system to be satisfactory for Sir Jojo, as well as the ITRO staff and also the students and teachers that would use it. 

=== 4.1.4 Justification ===
The project is being implemented to keep up with the modern era and for the school to be more efficient when it comes to dealing with requests and inquiries. 

== 4.2. Business Case Analysis Team ==
Nacor Industries is a team composed of six BSIT students from Asia Pacific College under the common goal of performing and delivering the best possible software experience for the client, APC-ITRO.

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
 <tr>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Project Task </p></td>
 <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Business Role</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Allan Vincent Nefalar</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Frontend Developer</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Ruth Morallos</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Backend Developer</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Lear Developer</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Kieyl Ponce</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">UI/UX Designer</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Owner</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Vincent Nacor</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Documentation</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Member</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Patrick Cortez</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Documentation</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Member</p></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Bryan Denylle Geneta</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Frontend Developer</p></td>
 <td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Member</p></td>
 </tr>
 </table>

== 4.3. Problem Definition ==
=== 4.3.1. Problem Statement ===
The Asia Pacific College ITRO Department lacks a system that would help them address the school’s technical-related problems. They only use email system which often-times. ITRO personnel tend to miss out the students, teachers or staff emails regarding the problem they encountered. This might lead to a bigger problem since there are problems that need attention and action.

=== 4.3.2. Organizational Impact ===
==== Tools ====
Once the Ram’s Corner: Ticketing System is up and running. It will replace the old email system that the Department is currently using. This will require training for the ITRO personnel because the software is new and fresh. The training will provide much smoother work as they will navigate each button and functions continuously and they won’t need to guess the functions of a specific button.

==== Processes ====
With the new System made, it will boost the Department’s productivity as the system will ask its users for full details of the problem they encountered. This will reduce the time of the personnel trying to figure out what the users are trying to convey. It will reduce the manual assigning of tickets as the system will automatically personnel to resolve the problem.

==== Roles and Responsibilities ====
The department is divided into two groups. One that handles all hardware related problems and other for all software related problems. With the new system, all the ITRO personnel can focus on the fields of their expertise. In this way, the job gets to be done in a short time as the personnel who would handle the problem knows what they are doing resulting in a smooth resolution for the user’s.

==== Hardware and Software ====
The hardware will not be much of a problem as the Department already has a laptop that can run the software. As for the software needs. It does not require much, and it only needs a stable internet connection to run properly.

=== 4.3.3. Technology Migration ===
Since the legacy system utilized by the client is only email-based and the team’s system, RAMS Corner runs on the web on an entirely new environment, the team decided to pursue the migration through a systematic approach to avoid any conflicts regarding the ongoing processes within the legacy system (email-based reporting):
<h3> Phase 1: </h3>
*The development team would pull a handful of the existing userbase within the project stakeholders through their APC outlook emails for isolated testing purposes.

<h3> Phase 2: </h3>
*If the test cases were all satisfactory, then the backend developer would proceed to pull all existing userbases and build their own accounts with pre-determined credentials to be modified later by each of the stakeholders and fill the Knowledge Base with past issues raised and solved by the ITRO.

<h3> Phase 3: </h3>
*With the acknowledgement of the ITRO Head, Mr. Jojo Castillo, the ITRO are encouraged to promote the newly developed web-application by informing their clients of its existence through pre-established communication channels such as their APC emails or through a formal press release.

<h3> Phase 4: </h3>
*Since most inquiries sent through email are only being recorded and handled manually, the complete transfer of the already ongoing processes from emails to the RAMS Corner Ticketing Service System would not be advised, therefore, all new inquiries would be made in the web application, while the already ongoing ones are meant to be handled separately until completion. Inquiries that are sent through email, but have long been pending, however should be sent to the RAMS Corner to be handled. 



== 4.4. Project Overview ==
=== 4.4.1. Project Description ===
RAMS Corner Ticketing System is a web-based application that would make use of a ticketing method similar to that of Discord and other outsourcing companies that would not only help the students and teachers get an equal chance to be given audience by the ITRO, but also to provide automated questions to frequently-asked-questions through a dedicated knowledge base that would be done by surveying them before the development phase. Making troubleshooting easier and much more convenient.

=== 4.4.2. Goals and Objectives ===
The business objectives for this project are to direct support of our team’s strategic plan to provide an alternative work environment for the ITRO and improve their workflow efficiency.

*Complete implementation of the RAMS Corner Ticketing System within the next 90 days (about 3 months) to replace the current email-based system.
*Shorten time duration of ITRO’s interactions with their clients by 85% after the app deployment.
*Minimize the number of inquiries that does not reach the ITRO by at least 70%—within the next month after the full app deployment  

=== 4.4.3. Project Performance ===
The objectives which mutually support the milestones and deliverables for this project have been identified. In order to achieve success on the ISA project, the following objectives must be met within the designated time and budget allocations:

*Finish the development of the app’s user interface within the next 50 days (about 1 and a half months)
*Retrieve all the necessary data of the ITRO and their clients for the database within the next 25 days (about 3 and a half weeks)
*Present a working prototype with at least 50% of its functions realized within the next 35 days (about 1 month 4 and a half days)
*Present the beta version of the application with all its functions intact within the next 100 days (about 3 and a half months)
*Conduct an isolated deployment of the application within the next 100 days (about 3 and a half months)
*Deploy the application for the use of ITRO and their clients within the next 120 days (about 4 months)

=== 4.4.4. Project Assumptions ===
Listed below are the team’s project assumptions revolving regarding the deployment of RAMS Corner Ticketing System.

*The ITRO, as well as their clients have access to the internet through APC Rams Wi-Fi (or personal data/ISP) along with the necessary devices to use the web application.
*The ITRO Staff would be trained in using the new web application.
*The web application will be developed without any major technical issues or roadblocks.
*The web-app will be deployed by the client using their resources with sufficient processing power, memory, and storage.
*The web application will be developed within the given timeline (the entirety of PBL1).
*The APC faculty and students would utilize the new system instead of the email-based reporting system.
*The ITRO would properly launch and promote the new system.
*The email notification system will work without any issues.


=== 4.4.5. Project Constraints ===
Listed below are the possible project constraints revolving around RAMS Corner’s design and implementation which involves—but are not limited to--the following:
 
<h3> Data Privacy </h3>
*Upon takeover, the ITRO would be the one fully responsible for the web-application, and any other authorization regarding the APC faculty and the user’s credentials.

<h3> Deployment Budget </h3>
*The development team would not ask for any form of payment, and the ITRO would be the ones in charge of the system’s deployment within their budget, along with any other preceding financial needs that the app might incur.

<h3> Manpower / Workforce </h3>
*The web-application has been made with the limited manpower that the ITRO currently has, however, their lack of workforce should be dealt with to have more hands-on deck to ensure that there would always be an eye out to see the updates within the system.

<h3> Training / System Migration </h3>
*The ITRO staff are bound to learn and familiarize themselves with the new system to utilize it to its fullest extent along with its features and functionalities.

=== 4.4.6. Major Project Milestones ===

== 4.5. Strategic Alignment ==
A. The ITRO follows the following mission and objectives for each of the ITRO sub-department:

B. External environment analysis:
*Mostly, it is the growing trend and increase in volume of the demand for cloud-based technologies

C. Internal Resources and capabilities analysis:
*People: ITRO only has a few staff. These staff are highly skilled in terms of technology handling
*Process: Follows specific receive-process-deliver steps in completing a request/solving a problem. No data gathering tools are used for better decision-making.
*Technology: Equipped with latest technology tools.

D. Strategic Goals
*Launch an app that is specifically used to manage the problems and inquiries of APC Community
*Lower the requests/inquiries that are frequently asked to the ITRO by 10% very year 
*Increase the percentage of the people who are accommodated by 20% within a year
*Keep track of the interaction between ITRO and its clients as a basis for decision-making and for record-keeping 

E. Strategic Plan
*Develop a web application that is accessible both in desktop, laptop, or smartphone, with or without connectivity issues, with an uptime of 95% a year
*Include a library for solutions as a feature of the web app to lower the percentage of receiving redundant request
*Create Service Level Agreement (SLA) for the problems/request raised to the ITRO according to its impact and severity to an individual, a group of individuals or the whole APC Community
*Data analytics 

By following this strategic alignment, the ITRO can leverage or improve its internal resources and capabilities to be able to manage the external environment issues and achieve the objectives of their department whilst retaining their success in providing service for the APC Community in the following years

== 4.6. Cost Benefit Analysis ==
RAMS Corner Ticketing System, and the team of developers behind it: Nacor Industries would be working voluntarily and would not require any form of compensation from the project stakeholders aside from donations that would be very much welcome. Considering these of course, Nacor Industries is only limited to whatever hardware or time the group has for the Project Management course (PROJMAN) as of the moment. Neither the team nor the individuals are compelled to take part in any financial investments towards the development of the system since the application would be done as a requirement for the course which would take about two more terms to fully realize, or about four to five months before being deployed. Making RAMS Corner the most obvious choice for the client as it will be tailor-made and free.

== 4.7. Alternatives Analysis ==
Upon various discussions with the project stakeholders through an agile-based methodology, the team managed to list down the following as the alternatives that have been found prior to the project development:

<h3> Maintain Current System </h3>
*By maintaining ITRO’s current system, this means that they would still be using their email-based reporting and inquiry method for their clients and stakeholders. It would save them from having to implement and learn to navigate a new user interface, but they would ultimately sacrifice their productivity as it will lead to stagnation. 

<h3> Subscribe to Freshdesk </h3>
*o Freshdesk is delivered as a SaaS or Software-as-a-Service that is both powerful and easily customizable by the user. This software needs little to no training to be implemented by an organization – big or small – but it does come at a price. The set of features introduced in this software focuses on helping the users maximize their worktime by utilizing the creation and organization of tickets such as the Team Inbox for tracking the incoming tickets from a multitude of channels, Agent Collision Detection to avoid having the different personnel work on the same ticket. They also include a self-service feature so that customers can solve their own problems without the need to contact a live person by using forums and articles. They also have a feature to organize the team’s tasks so that they can improve the efficiency of their work. Despite its features though, it would not benefit ITRO all that much as they are just a small organization yet the price for subscription would be $15 per agent per month, furthermore, utilizing a third-party software such as this would induce the ITRO’s lack of identity as they won’t be able to customize nor carry out their brand along with Asia Pacific College’s.

By weighing down the pros and cons of each option, the team ultimately decided to partner up with the client in order to create a tailor-made ticketing service system that would utilize their brand and identity while still providing the necessary functions to tend to their needs to save their time and finances altogether. 

== 4.8. Approvals ==

= 5. PROJECT CHARTER  = 

== 5.1. Executive Summary ==
Upon meeting the head of the Asia Pacific College’s Information Technology Resource Office (APC-ITRO), Mr. Castillo himself has stated that it is getting “harder and more inconvenient” for them to continue their work through the same method that they have been continually doing. Even though everyone could reach the ITRO through emails, they could not always afford to get back at them and reply immediately, rendering the requests or questions futile since they would only be left unattended regardless of the urgency or importance of the task at hand, hence the reason why they are very much willing to explore other possible ways to make their workflow more efficient. Through the cooperation of APC-ITRO, Nacor Industries could help them improve their workflow and minimize any unwanted outcome that was prevalent before by making them an application suited more for their jobs as our client.

== 5.2. Project Purpose / Justification ==
=== 5.2.1 Business Need/Case ===
RAMS Corner Ticketing System aims to modernize and introduce a more efficient and manageable workflow for the ITRO to replace their current email-based reporting system. The software to be developed will be free of charge and could be accessed by them, and their clients through the use of any device.

=== 5.2.2. Business Objectives ===
The business objectives for this project are to direct support of our team’s strategic plan to provide an alternative work environment for the ITRO and improve their workflow efficiency. 

*Complete implementation of the RAMS Corner Ticketing System within the next 90 days to replace the current email-based system. 

*Shorten time duration of ITRO’s interactions with their clients by 85% after the app deployment 

*Minimize the number of inquiries that does not reach the ITRO by at least 70%—within the next month after the full app deployment 

== 5.3. Project Description ===
RAMS Corner Ticketing System is a web-based application that would make use of a ticketing method similar to that of Discord and other outsourcing companies that would not only help the students and teachers get an equal chance to be given audience by the ITRO, but also to provide automated questions to frequently-asked-questions through a dedicated knowledge base that would be done by surveying them before the development phase. Making troubleshooting easier and much more convenient.

=== 5.3.1. Project Objectives and Success Criteria ===
The objectives which mutually support the milestones and deliverables for this project have been identified.  In order to achieve success on the ISA project, the following objectives must be met within the designated time and budget allocations: 

*Finish the development of the app’s user interface within the next 15 days 

*Retrieve all the necessary data of the ITRO and their clients for the database within the next 25 days 

*Present a working prototype with at least 50% of its functions realized within the next 35 days 

*Present the beta version of the application with all of its functions intact within the next 70 days 

*Conduct an isolated deployment of the application within the next 80 days 

*Deploy the application for the use of ITRO and their clients within the next 120 days 

=== 5.3.2. Requirements ===
This project must meet the following list of requirements in order to achieve success.   

*The application must be tested by the team within the vicinity of Asia Pacific College with the presence of the project beneficiary and the subject course adviser for MCSPROJ 

*Solution must be implemented without disruption to operations 

=== 5.3.3. Constraints ===
The following constraints pertain to the ISA project: 

*All security hardware and software must be compatible with ITRO’s current platforms 

*Every work and tasks to be filled upon the application’s development  

*All hardware and software accessible to the team are limited only to the ones they own themselves or those readily available at the Asia Pacific College 

=== 5.3.4. Assumptions ===
The following are a list of assumptions.  Upon agreement and signature of this document, all parties acknowledge that these assumptions are true and correct: 

*This project has the full support of the project adviser, beneficiary, stakeholders, and all parties associated 

*The purpose of this project will be communicated throughout the ITRO prior to deployment 

*No monetary compensations or fundings have been given to the team upon project development 

=== 5.3.5. Preliminary Scope Statement ===
RAMS Corner Ticketing System will be designed, developed, and tested by Nacor Industries to deliver an alternative working environment for the ITRO to modernize and improve their workflow efficiency. All project-related work will be independent of daily and ongoing operations and all required testing will be done either within the APC school grounds or the team’s individual workplaces. Nacor Industries would also not be obliged to comply with or entertain all changes made or requested for the application after the end of the said subject’s duration, unless done so voluntarily. 

== 5.4 Risk ==
The following denotes all the risks that have been identified upon the possible implementation of the RAMS Corner Ticketing System. To ensure the success of the project and to minimize the threat and possibilities of any of the following to occur, the team will be sure to mitigate and create an effort to minimize its effects.   

*Potential disruption to operations during solution deployment 

*Possible hardware/software specific bugs that may occur upon system access  

*Incompatibilities with the pre-installed software/hardware within the ITRO and their clients 

*Probable refusal or lack of knowledge of some ITRO Clients about the newly implemented system 

== 5.5 Project Deliverables ==
The following deliverables must be met upon the successful deployment of the RAMS Corner Ticketing System.  Any changes to these deliverables must be approved by the project adviser. 

*Fully deployed and accessible web application for ITRO and their clients 

*Technical reports for the first weeks of deployment must be made to ensure the integrity of the web-application 

*Post-deployment surveys would also be given to the ITRO and their clients to assess the satisfaction rate as well as to receive any feedback regarding the concerns and recommendations regarding the application. 

== 5.6 Summary Milestone Schedule ==
The project Summary Milestone Schedule is presented below.  As requirements are more clearly defined this schedule may be modified.  Any changes will be communicated through project status meetings by the project manager. 

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue" colspan="2"><p style="text-align:center;">'''Summary Milestone Schedule - List key project milestones relative to project start.'''</p></td>
                
	</tr>

	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="grey"><p style="text-align:center;">'''Project Milestone'''</p></td>
                <td bgcolor="grey"><p style="text-align:center;">'''Target Date'''<br>'''(mm/dd/yyyy)'''</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">'''Project Start'''</p></td>
                <td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">03/30/2022 )</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">'''Planning'''<br>- Midterm Presentation (Sprint 1)<br>- Final Presentation (Sprint 2)</p></td>
                <td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;"><br>03/05/2022<br>04/06/2022</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">'''Analysis and Design'''<br>- Pre-midterm presentation (Sprint 3)<br>- Midterm Presentation (Sprint 4)<br>- Final Requirement (Sprint 5)<br>- Pre-final Presentation (Sprint 5)<br>- Final Presentation (Sprint 6)</p></td>
                <td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;"><br>09/23/2022<br>09/28/2022<br>10/03/2022<br>10/28/2022<br>11/02/2022</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">'''Development'''<br>- Initial Release 1 Prototype<br>- Release 2<br>- Release 3<br>- Pre-midterm Presentation (Sprint 7)<br>- Midterm Presentation (Sprint 8)<br>Final Presentation (Sprint 9)</p></td>
                <td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;"><br>08/22/2022<br>08/28/2022<br>01/12/2023<br>01/09/2023<br>01/09/2023<br>03/03/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">'''Implementation'''<br>- Midterm Presentation (Sprint 10)<br>- Final Presentation (Sprint 11)</p></td>
                <td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;"><br>05/04/2023<br>06/26/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;">'''Close-out'''<br>- System and Documentation Handover<br>- Gain Formal Acceptance<br>Project Close out meeting</p></td>
                <td bgcolor=""><p style="text-align:center;"><br>06/05/2023<br>06/13/2023<br>06/25/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
== 5.7 Summary Budget ==
== 5.8 Project Approval Requirements ==
== 5.9 Project Manager ==
== 6.0 Authorization ==





