=Project Title=
<h1>Chubby Gourmet E-Commerce Web Application</h1>

=Project Members=
==Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio L. Quesada</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Professor</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Adviser==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jo Anne M. de la Cuesta</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PROJMAN Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">joannec@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Team==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gianna Bernice R. Artajos</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">grartajos@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Philip L. Flores</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">mlflores@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">John Rysal C. Rosel</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jcrosel@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Lester Dave M. Salazar</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">lmsalazar2@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<br />

=Company Profile=
<h2>Brief Background</h2>
<p>CChubby Gourmet is a micro-enterprise established in Laguna Bel Air, Sta. Rosa Laguna during 2020. They sell and deliver freshly cooked food ranging from pastas to pizzas, to wings, to baked sweets, and regularly post on their Facebook page to promote their business. They also use Facebook messenger to communicate with their customers in terms of ordering, total bill payment, and arranging delivery. 
Chubby Gourmet is a one-woman business and relies on time consuming tasks such as manually noting down orders and payment records on a notepad and managing inventory items on a whiteboard.
Project: Chubby Gourmet’s E-commerce Web Application
Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application will increase rate in organizing orders as most processes will be automated. The project also aims to extend the business into the e-commerce forefront, to gain an upper edge towards similar local micro-enterprises. The project will utilize the business owner’s knowledge on technology by executing an easy-to-understand yet stylish web application that they can manage on their own. 
The web application should be able to work for both consumers’ side that browse the menu and order, and the administrator’s side that can manage a digitized form of inventory, order requests, and payment records. All hardware and software that will be required to create the output has been consulted with the client and has been placed into consideration what can be used.
</p>

=Business Case=
==Executive Summary==
<p>This section will give an overview of what issue the project is trying to solve, the anticipated outcomes to expect, recommendations on who to approach and solve the issue, and justifications as to why the project should be implemented for the client. </p>

<p>After the global pandemic struck COVID-19 and social distance was enforced strictly across the country, businesses were forced to come up with new ways of being able to serve their customers. Whether it be by implementing an online e-commerce system, implementing a non-contact delivery system, etc. Either way, these kinds of solutions will always be a struggle to gain an edge for local micro-to-small enterprises such as Chubby Gourmet. Chubby Gourmet (established in 2020) is a micro-enterprise that focuses on offering their food products via delivery and is stationed within the village of Laguna Bel Air 1, Sta. Rosa Laguna.  </p>

<h3>Issue</h3>
<p>HighTable was fortunate enough to meet with the business owner, Priscilla Mariano, to assess and discuss the problems surrounding her business. The main issue that was discovered was her current system, which is manually doing tasks such as order taking, which she needs to manually note down via pen and paper through getting her customer’s order via Facebook Messenger. Another problem found in their current system was the inventory management of her ingredients, food containers, etc. The last problem Miss Mariano stated was that she had to constantly keep answering individual frequently asked questions from her customers, since her Facebook page does not have a Frequently Asked Questions portion.
Overall, all of these tasks take up most of her time before even cooking the orders from her customers which causes a concern for her in the long run of her business. She wishes to find a more efficient way of handling orders, transactions, inventory management, and answering queries all in one platform.
</p>

<h3>Anticipated Outcomes</h3>
<p>With the issues stated above, HighTable wishes to establish the following anticipated outcomes of the solution: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Improve process problems found within Chubby Gourmet by implementing an E-commerce web application.</li>
  <li>Continuously improving and adjusting the project to the client’s needs with little-to-no issue</li>
  <li>Gain client satisfaction with little-to-no corrections needed</li>
</ul>  
<p>These anticipated outcomes will be guided by the project sponsor’s constant feedback and thorough communication within all related parties.</p>

<h3>Recommendation</h3>
<p>With the issues stated above, HighTable recommends implementing an e-commerce web application to help Chubby Gourmet. Upon entering the web application, the user will be able to see and use the following features: </p>

<ul>
  <li>Product Management (Admin Side) </li>
  <li>Order Management (Admin Side) </li>
  <li>Inventory Management (Admin Side)</li>
  <li>Generation of Reports (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Print Reports (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Customer Account Creation (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Shopping Cart (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Checkout (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Payment (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Delivery Schedule (Customer Side) </li>
  <li>Order Tracking (Customer and Admin Side)</li>
  <li>Catering Schedule (Customer Side)</li>
</ul>  
<p>With these features suggested, the web application will be able to achieve the anticipated outcomes that the group has established and may even continue to improve further if needed. </p>

<h3>Justification</h3>
<p>The reason as to why this solution will be applicable for Chubby Gourmet is because in today’s standards, the world has adapted to using online commerce more and has become a new normal in the current market. By implementing the e-commerce web application, this allows Chubby Gourmet to establish their brand and services online for the public and allows HighTable to exercise their skills in developing a project that will meet the needs of the client through technical skills such as web development. </p>

==Business Case Analysis Team==
<p>Table 1 shows the team of professionals who will work on creating the plan and their roles on the plan: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESIGNATION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Priscilla Mariano  </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Adviser: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Jo Anne de la Cuesta <br><em>MIM Executive Director </em></p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gia Artajos </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Members: </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Flores  <br><em>Scrum Master</em><br>Rysal Rosel<br><em>Product Developer</em><br>Lester Salazar<br><em>Product Designer</em></p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Problem Definition==
<h3>Problem Statement</h3>
<p>Chubby Gourmet is a one-woman food business located in Laguna, Philippines, which faces several difficulties in managing its operations. The business owner struggles to handle customer inquiries, accept orders, and track inventory due to limited resources and staff. Specifically, the business owner has trouble organizing orders received via Facebook Messenger, keeping track of inventory, and answering the same set of customer questions repeatedly, leading to a time-consuming and inefficient process. To address these challenges, the business needs an improved system that can streamline operations, provide a better customer experience, and allow the owner to focus on delivering quality food to customers. </p>

<h3>Organizational Impact </h3>
<p>The proposed e-commerce web application will bring a significant impact to the business processes of Chubby Gourmet. The new system will allow the business owner to handle customer inquiries and orders more efficiently and effectively, which will lead to a more streamlined process. Additionally, the online platform will allow customers to place their orders more conveniently and receive faster service. This will lead to an enhanced customer experience and increased customer satisfaction. With an automated system, Chubby Gourmet can focus on serving quality food and growing the business, rather than spending a significant amount of time on administrative tasks.  </p>

<h3>Technology Migration </h3>
<p>The proposed e-commerce web application for Chubby Gourmet will be developed using PHP and SQL technology. The web application will be hosted on Hostinger, a reliable and secure web hosting server. The data migration process will ensure that all relevant data is carried over to the new system. The new system will undergo extensive testing to ensure its reliability, efficiency, and security. Technical requirements and potential obstacles will be addressed during the development process to ensure a successful implementation. Chubby Gourmet's admin will receive instructions from developers to use the new system effectively and to take full advantage of its features, leading to a more streamlined and efficient process. </p>

==Project Overview==
<p>This section will discuss high-level information about Chubby Gourmet’s e-commerce Web Application including its description, goals and objectives, performance criteria, assumptions, constraints, and milestones.  This section will also provide all project-specific information that will help in the contribution of the project. </p>

<h3>Project Description</h3>
<p>HighTable intends to implement an e-commerce web application in Chubby Gourmet’s current system. The web application would have the usual e-commerce functionalities, all the while adding a mobile app version for the mobile users to gain access to. </p>
<p>The project will be managed/executed using the agile methodology because the group sees this method as an effective method to accomplish tasks efficiently. HighTable has been using this method to accomplish previous tasks for previous projects and will continue to use it throughout the duration of the development of the project. </p>

<h3>Goals and Objectives</h3>
<p>HighTable intends to accomplish this project as effectively as possible and to help improve the current system Chubby Gourmet is using. These are the following specific objectives that the group must accomplish: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Organize customer orders faster by 80%, which contains details such as personal information, orders, and transaction details.</li>
  <li>Digitize 100% of the inventory management allowing an easier way of tracking (add, update, delete) current inventory.</li>
  <li>Display answers to common queries from customers with two (2) to three (3) clicks, so that Chubby Gourmet could spend less time answering questions every day. </li>
</ul>  

<h3>Project Performance</h3>
<p>The group will gauge the project’s performance by reviewing and evaluating the following documents filled out upon testing by both the developers and the client: </p>

<ul>
  <li>Test Case </li>
</ul>  
<p>Under this document is where the developers of the group test each of the features developed and used a “PASS” or “FAIL” status on each of the features, noting down all possible scenarios to stress test the feature. </p>

<ul>
  <li>Web Performance Objectives </li>
</ul>  
<p>Written by Cassone et. Al, in the document entitled “Web Performance Testing and Measurement: a complete approach”, they were able to come up with three main objectives with sub-objectives that can be followed when evaluating the performance of a web application. </p>

<ul>
  <li>End-User Objectives
<ul>
  <li>To find average response time of pages and transactions, slowest and fastest pages; </li>
  <li>To make sure main pages (e.g. landing page) can be downloaded within acceptable time  </li>
  <li>To find out maximum number of concurrent users, sessions and transactions that the application is able to support still providing a high level of service and without the system crashing </li>
<li>To characterize more frequent user paths, the most used starting and exiting page; </li>
  <li>To identify main reasons of site abandonment </li>
</ul>  
</li>
  <li>System Objectives
<ul>
  <li>To correlate system resource utilization with load; </li>
  <li>To find out possible actual hardware bottlenecks and prevent new ones (capacity planning); </li>
  <li>To tune all the web application components to support as much load as possible using actual hardware; </li>
<li>To find out how the application works when overloaded; </li>
</ul>  
</li>
  <li>Management Obejctives
<ul>
  <li>To provide an objective measure of the usage of the site (e.g. the amount of electronics carts and number of items that were sold) </li>
  <li>To provide a “business view” of the previous data (Comparing with the business’ previous system)   </li>
</ul>  
</li>
</ul>  
<p>The group will gauge the project’s performance by reviewing and evaluating the following documents and objectives filled out upon testing by both the developers and the stakeholders. </p>

<h3>Project Assumptions</h3>
<p>Listed below are the main assumptions for the project: </p>
<ul>
  <li> HighTable will be focusing on continuing the development and improvement of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application until the release of the system. </li>
  <li> The client (Ms. Priscilla Mariano) will agree to continue giving her honest feedback, suggestions, and concerns that pertain to the development of the system. </li>
  <li>All stakeholders involved in the project will address all needed changes and improvements when necessary and will be accomplished by HighTable if applicable.</li>
</ul>  

<h3>Project Constraints</h3>
<p>Listed below are the following constraints of the production of the project: </p>
<ul>
  <li>HighTable will only be working within the designated timespan of January 3, 2023, to October 25, 2023.</li>
  <li>HighTable will only work within the allocated budget and development resources planned for the project.</li>
<li>Throughout the development of the project, the project sponsor and the development team will only interact through the agreed online meeting services and will only physically meet once all pre-requisites have been met and the project progression is at the closeout phase.</li>
</ul>  

<h3>Major Project Milestones</h3>
<p>Listed below are the milestones that HighTable has and should be able to accomplish: </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Milestones</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Details</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 1 | Initiation
(February 2, 2023)
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>-	The team has identified a project sponsor, its members, and the problem to resolve.</li>
  <li>-	The team has accomplished creating the Business Case and Project Charter document.</li>
  <li>-	The team has obtained Project Approval</li>
</ul>  
 </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 2 | Planning
(June 2023)
</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>-	The team has accomplished creating the following documents:
o	Scope Management Plan
o	Schedule Management Plan
o	Cost Management Plan
o	Risk Management Plan
o	Quality Management Plan
o	Procurement Management Plan
o	Human Resource Plan
o	Change Management Plan
o	Communication Management Plan
o	Implementation Plan
</li>
  <li>-	The team has finished planning and designing the system’s architecture. </li>
  <li>-	The Product Designer has finished creating the wireframes and user interface design.</li>
</ul>  
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 3 | Execution
(September 20, 2023)
</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>-	The team was able to set up the development environment for working on the project.
</li>
  <li>-	The Front-end developer has accomplished all front-end components of the system.</li>
 <li>-	The Back-end developer has accomplished back-end components of the system.</li>
 <li>-	The developers have integrated both front and backend components to the system.</li>
 <li>-	The developers and the Project Manager have finished conducting the first unit testing on the system with the QA tester.</li>
</ul>  
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 4 | Monitoring
(October 4, 2023)
</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><ul>
  <li>-	Project Manager and Document Specialist has finished monitoring project progress and milestones.</li>
 <li>-	Project Manager and Document Specialist has finished tracking resource utilization.</li>
 <li>-	The Project Manager and Document Specialist has finished monitoring risks and issue resolution.</li>
 <li>-	The team has finished system testing and quality assurance for the project.</li>
</ul>  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Milestone 5 | Closeout
(October 25, 2023
</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"><ul>
  <li>-	The team has accomplished finalizing and delivering all project documentation.</li>
 <li>-	The team has obtained formal acceptance from the project sponsor.</li>
<li>-	The team has accomplished archiving all necessary project files.</li>
<li>-	All handover project deliverables have been received by the project sponsor.</li>
</ul>  </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Strategic Alignment==
<p>The implementation of the e-commerce web application for Chubby aligns with the 	business goals, including: </p>
<ul>
  <li>Improved operational efficiency: The automated system will streamline the order taking, inventory management, and customer inquiries processes, reducing the time and effort required to manage these tasks manually. This will result in improved operational efficiency and productivity for the business.   </li>
  <li>Enhanced customer experience: The online platform will provide customers with a convenient and user-friendly way to place orders, track their orders, and receive updates on delivery schedules. This will lead to an enhanced customer experience and increased customer satisfaction. </li>
  <li>Increased sales and revenue: The online presence and ease of ordering through the web application can attract more customers, resulting in increased sales and revenue for Chubby Gourmet. </li>
</ul>  

==Cost Benefit Analysis==
<p>This section of the paper presents a cost-benefit analysis for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project. The purpose of this analysis is to evaluate the financial feasibility of the project, considering both the costs and the expected benefits of the proposed system. The results of the analysis will help to determine whether the project is a worthwhile investment for the client. </p>

<p>Costs:
•	Labor cost: PHP 1,388,000.00 
•	Hardware cost: PHP 206,656.00 
•	Software cost: PHP 18,400.00 
•	Miscellaneous costs: PHP 112,000.00 
•	Contingency cost: PHP 172,505.00
</p>

<p>Benefits:
•	Increased Revenue: By launching the Chubby Gourmet E-Commerce Web Application, the business can potentially increase its revenue by reaching a wider customer base and enabling online sales.
•	Market Expansion: The online platform allows the business to target customers beyond its current geographical limitations, potentially expanding its market reach.
•	Cost Savings: The implementation of the e-commerce platform can lead to cost savings by reducing expenses typically associated with utilities and staffing costs.
•	Improved Customer Experience: The web application will provide customers with a convenient and user-friendly way to browse and purchase products, enhancing their overall shopping experience.
</p>

<p>Cost Benefit Analysis</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Particulars</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Total (PHP)</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Manpower Cost
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">1,388,000.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Hardware Cost
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">206,656.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Software Cost
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">18,400.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Miscellaneous Cost
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">112,000.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Contingency Cost
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">172,505.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Total Cost
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">1,897,561.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Increased Revenue
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">972,000.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Market Expansion
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">648,000.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Cost Savings
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">600,000.00</td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Improved Customer Experience
 </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">200,000.00</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<p>Cost Benefit Ratio ≈ 1.28 </p>

<p>The cost-benefit ratio of approximately 1.28 indicates that the total benefits outweigh the total costs. This suggests that the Chubby Gourmet E-Commerce Web Application project has the potential to be profitable and beneficial for the business.
Considering the ratio is greater than 1, it indicates a positive net benefit. In this case, for every unit of cost invested (1 PHP), there is an estimated return of approximately 1.28 PHP in profits. This implies that the project is expected to generate more benefits than the costs incurred.
The analysis shows that the project has the potential to generate increased revenue, market expansion, cost savings, and improved customer experience. These benefits contribute to the positive cost-benefit ratio, indicating a favorable outcome for implementing the e-commerce web application.
</p>

==Alternatives Analysis==
<p>This alternatives analysis aims to evaluate and compare the advantages and disadvantages of three options for the Chubby Gourmet business: doing nothing, using website builders, and hiring workers. The following sections present a detailed analysis of each option's pros and cons, including the reasons why they were not chosen as the proposed solution for the business. </p>

<strong>Doing Nothing</strong>
<br>Pros:
<ul>
  <li>Low-cost option as it uses the current system of using Facebook to promote, manage orders, and process payments. </li>
</ul>  
Cons:
<ul>
  <li>Lacks the necessary features and functionalities to scale the business and meet customer demands. </li>
  <li>It relies heavily on Facebook's algorithms, which can change at any time, resulting in a loss of business. </li>
  <li>Limited control over the customer experience, which could lead to negative reviews and reduced customer retention. </li>
</ul>  
Conclusion:
<p>This option was not chosen because it does not address the client's needs and long-term objectives. </p>

<strong>Website Builders</strong>
<br>Pros:
<ul>
  <li>Offers pre-built templates and customizable features to create an e-commerce website. </li>
</ul>  
Cons:
<ul>
  <li>May not meet the specific needs of the client's business. </li>
  <li>Requires technical expertise to customize and maintain the website. </li>
  <li>Has recurring costs such as monthly subscription fees, transaction fees, and add-ons. </li>
</ul>  
Conclusion:
<p>This option was not chosen because it may not provide the required functionalities, and the recurring costs may be higher than the proposed system's costs. </p>

<strong>Hiring Workers</strong>
<br>Pros:
<ul>
  <li>Provides the opportunity to hire competent personnel to manage the Facebook page and process orders. </li>
</ul>  
Cons:
<ul>
  <li>Requires a significant amount of time and effort to find and train personnel. </li>
  <li>Incurs additional expenses such as salaries, benefits, and insurance. </li>
  <li>May not provide the scalability and flexibility required to meet customer demands. </li>
</ul>  
Conclusion:
<p>This option was not chosen because it may not provide a cost-effective and long-term solution to the client's problem. </p>

=Project Charter=
==Executive Summary==
<p>Chubby Gourmet is a micro-enterprise established in Laguna Bel Air, Sta. Rosa Laguna during in 2020. They sell and deliver freshly cooked food ranging from pastas to pizzas, to wings, to baked sweets, and regularly post on their Facebook page to promote their business. They also use Facebook messenger to communicate with their customers in terms of ordering, total bill payment, and arranging delivery. Chubby Gourmet is a one-woman business and relies on time consuming tasks such as manually noting down orders and payment records on a notepad and managing inventory items on a whiteboard.  </p>
<p>HighTable aims to help Chubby Gourmet by automating these time-consuming manual tasks with the help of an e-commerce web application. The web application will also serve to further promote Chubby Gourmet’s business, giving it an edge against other local food businesses. </p>

==Project Purpose/Justification==
<p>This section will discuss the purpose and justification of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application in the form of a business case and will also discuss the objectives to be achieved in the project. The business will also provide reasoning behind the need for this project as it relates to the function of the business.</p>

<h3>Business Objectives</h3>
<p>This section lists out the Business Objectives for Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application which is aligned the organizational strategic plan of the project. Below the team used the S.M.A.R.T criteria to list out the objectives of the project: 
<ul>
<li>Chubby Gourmet should be able to see a 50% increase in revenue by the first year of implementation.</li>
<li>The proposed system will be able to save up on labor costs by acting as two key roles to the business: digital marketing handler (for market expanding) and inventory manager (cost savings).</li>
<li>Daily customer frequency will increase by at least ten (10) customers per day instead of the current system’s average of six (6) customers. </li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>All of these objectives are based off from the group’s Cost Benefit Analysis, which can be further explained through the Business Case Document. All figures are rough estimates and have been broken down into consideration of the development of the project.</p>

==Project Description==

<p>This section discusses a high-level description of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application, its details as it moves forward, objectives to be achieved and its success criterion.</p>

<p>Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application will increase rate in organizing orders as most processes will be automated. The project also aims to extend the business into the e-commerce forefront, to gain an upper edge towards similar local micro-enterprises. The project will utilize the business owner’s knowledge on technology by executing an easy-to-understand yet stylish web application that they can manage on their own. The web application should be able to work for both consumers’ side that browse the menu and order, and the administor’s side that can manage a digitized form of inventory, order requests, and payment records. All hardware and software that will be required to create the output has been consulted with the client and has been placed into consideration of what can be used.</p>

<h3>Project Objectives and Success Criteria</h3>

<p>The objectives which mutually support the milestones and deliverables for this project have been identified. To achieve success with Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application, the following objectives must be met within the designated time and budget allocations:</p>

<ul>
  <li>•	Finalize the required proposal documents of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application to present to the project sponsor within the schedule.</li>
  <li>•	Create a working prototype to be tested and presented to the project sponsor.</li>
  <li>•	Develop a complete web application with no bugs, errors, and all business information present and complete testing within the schedule.</li>
  <li>•	Implement the e-commerce web application in the project sponsor's business within the designated time.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Requirements</h3>

<p>This project must meet the following requirements in order to achieve success:</p>

<ul>
  <li>•	The web application must be tested and approved by the project sponsor prior to deployment.</li>
  <li>•	All documentation must be approved and reviewed by the project sponsor</li>
</ul>

<p>Additional requirements may be added as necessary as the project moves forward.</p>

<h3>Constraints</h3>

<p>The following constraints pertain to Chubby Gourmet’s Web Application development:</p>

<ul>
  <li>All hardware and software must be compatible with the client’s hardware and software</li>
  <li>The development team will only be working on the following features for the web application:</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Product Posting</li>
    <li>Shopping Cart</li>
    <li>Checkout</li>
    <li>Payment</li>
    <li>Delivery Schedule</li>
    <li>Catering Schedule</li>
    <li>Newsletter</li>
    <li>Inventory Management</li>
    <li>Generation of Reports</li>
  </ul>
  <li>Two developers and one documentation specialist will be provided as resources for this project</li>
</ul>

<h3>Assumptions</h3>

<p>The following is the list of assumptions. Upon agreement and signing of this document, all parties acknowledge that these assumptions are true and correct:</p>

<ul>
  <li>•	This project has the full support of the project sponsor.</li>
  <li>•	The developers and documentation specialists will be communicating their needs to one another throughout the development of the project.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Preliminary Scope Statement</h3>
<p>The development of Chubby Gourmet’s E-commerce Web Application will include the design, testing, and delivery of an improved online platform for the business. All personnel, hardware, and software resources will be managed by the product manager.  All project work will be independent of daily and ongoing schoolwork and business, and all required testing will be done within the group up to their discretion.  All project funding will be managed by the product owner up to and including the allocated amounts in this document.  This project will conclude when they receive feedback from the project sponsor, the output has achieved the success criteria, and the group has received a signed project acceptance/completion document from the project sponsor. This feedback and signed acceptance/completion documents will be archived for safekeeping and for future refence if needed.</p>
==Risks==
<p>The following risks for Chubby Gourmet’s E-commerce Web Application have been identified.  The product owner and developers will determine and employ the necessary risk mitigation/avoidance strategies as appropriate to minimize the likelihood of these risks:  </p>

<p>1.	Resource Risks: There is a risk that the project may not have sufficient resources, such as personnel, budget, or equipment, which could impede the successful completion of the project.
<br>2.	Technical Risks: There is a risk of mistakes or errors made by project team members, which could impact the project's progress, quality, or functionality.
<br>3.	Quality Assurance Risks: There is a risk that the quality assurance of the project may not be able to reach the quality the team had initially planned and may cause further delay before completion.
<br>4.	Communication Risks: There is the risk of the group committing miscommunication amongst each other and towards the project sponsor.
<br>5.	Vendor or Supplier Risks: There is a risk that the appointed vendor/supplier may be unavailable and can cause some deviation from the project’s initial milestone plan.
<br>6.	External Factors Risks: There is the risk of external factors that neither the team nor the project sponsor can do. External factors may include hazardous weather conditions, health conditions, etc.
</p>
==Project Deliverables==
<p>The following deliverables must be produced upon the successful completion of the Chubby Gourmet’s E-commerce Web Application project.  Any changes to these deliverables must be approved by the PBL head, Mr. Sanchez.</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Fully Developed E-commerce Web Application</li>
    <li>Complete documentation for Chubby Gourmet’s E-commerce Web Application</li>
    <li>Feedback review of client (post-deployment)</li>
    <li>Signed project acceptance/completion document from the client</li>
  </ul>

==Summary Milestone Schedule==

<p>The project Summary Milestone Schedule is presented below.  As requirements are more clearly defined this schedule may be modified.  Any changes will be communicated through project status meetings by the project manager.</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Project Milestone</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Targeted Date</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Start</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">01/03/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Initiation Phase</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">02/02/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Planning Phase</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">06/02/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Execution Phase</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">09/20/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Monitoring Phase</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">10/04/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Closeout Phase</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">10/20/2023</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Clouse out Meeting</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">10/25/2023</p></td>
	</tr>

</table>

==Project Approval Requirements==
<p>Success of the project will be achieved when a fully functioning e-commerce web application has been developed, all required documentation submitted and reviewed, and the project has been fully deployed for the project sponsor to use within the time and cost constraints indicated in the charter.  Additionally, this measure of success must be able to follow the success criteria and include a feedback review from the project sponsor.</p>

==Project Manager==
<p>Gianna Artajos is the Product Owner for the duration of the development of PBL Project.  Ms. Artajos’ responsibility is to manage all project tasks, scheduling, and communication between the team and the client. The team, consists of two IT specialists (John Rysal Rosel and Lester Dave Salazar) and one documentation specialist (Marcus Philip Flores).  Ms. Artajos will coordinate all resource requirements amongst the IT specialists.  Their project advisor (Ms. Jo Anne De la Cuesta) is authorized to approve all budget expenditures up to, and including, the allocated budget amounts.  Any additional assigned tasks and requirements will be conducted by the PBL head Mr. Sebastian Sanchez and so all updates will be given to and received by Mr. Sanchez.  </p>


=Stakeholder Management Strategy Plan=

==Introduction==
<p>Stakeholder management is an essential element of project management that can have a significant impact on the success of a project. The Stakeholder Management Strategy aims to identify, analyze, and prioritize stakeholders and their interests to develop a plan that effectively addresses their concerns and expectations. In today's business environment, it is essential to recognize that stakeholders can have a significant impact on the project's outcomes, positively or negatively. Therefore, managing stakeholders must be an integral part of any project management strategy. </p><br>

<p>The purpose of this paper is to develop a Stakeholder Management Strategy for the project and discuss its objectives and goals. This strategy will outline the steps to be taken to identify and engage with stakeholders and establish a plan to manage their interests effectively.</p><br>

<p>The following sections will outline the key components of the Stakeholder Management Strategy, including stakeholder identification, and analysis. It will also discuss the potential benefits of proper stakeholder management and the risks associated with inadequate stakeholder engagement. By implementing an effective Stakeholder Management Strategy, the project can maximize stakeholder support and achieve its objectives while minimizing potential negative impacts. </p><br>

==Identify Stakeholders==
<p>The goal of identifying project stakeholders is to ensure that all individuals, groups, organizations, or entities with an interest in or affected by the project are identified and documented.</p><br>

<h3>The primary goals of identifying stakeholders are as follows:</h3>
<ul>
    <li>Comprehensive Stakeholder Management: The project team can develop a comprehensive stakeholder management strategy by identifying all stakeholders, including both major and minor stakeholders. This enables effective communication, engagement, and management of stakeholders throughout the project's lifecycle, which can aid in the development of positive relationships, the management of expectations, and the mitigation of potential risks or issues.</li>
    <li>Minimizing Project Risks: Identifying stakeholders helps in understanding their interests, concerns, and potential impacts on the project. This allows the project team to proactively address stakeholder needs and expectations and take appropriate actions to minimize potential risks. By identifying stakeholders early in the project, any potential obstacles or delays caused by unanticipated stakeholder issues can be mitigated or avoided.</li>
    <li>Improving Project Success: Involving and engaging stakeholders in the project can help it succeed. Stakeholders can provide valuable input, feedback, and support, allowing for more informed decisions, better project outcomes, and achievement of project objectives. The team can build stakeholder trust, gain their support, and increase the likelihood of project success by identifying stakeholders and incorporating their interests into the project.</li>
    <li>Compliance and Ethical Considerations: Identifying stakeholders is critical for compliance and ethics. Many projects have regulatory requirements or ethical considerations and identify all stakeholders' aids in ensuring compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and ethical standards. It also demonstrates a responsible and ethical project management approach by considering all stakeholders' interests.</li>
    <li>Proactive Issue Management: The identification of stakeholders enables proactive issue management. The project team can anticipate and address potential issues or conflicts by understanding their concerns, interests, and potential consequences. This contributes to project momentum, disruption reduction, and smooth project execution.</li>
</ul>

<p>Overall, the goal of identifying stakeholders is to ensure that all relevant parties are identified, engaged, and managed effectively throughout the project's lifecycle to reduce risks, improve project success, and promote responsible project management practices. </p><br>


==Key Stakeholders==
<p>The key stakeholder of the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application is Ms. Priscilla Mariano, the owner of the business. Ms. Mariano is the main user and decision-maker for the business and will be the primary beneficiary of the new system. As a one-woman business, she handles all aspects of the business, including managing orders, inventory, and customer inquiries. Therefore, it is crucial to ensure that the new web application is tailored to meet her specific needs and is user-friendly. </p><br>

<p>As the key stakeholder of the web application, Ms. Mariano's feedback and involvement in the development process will be critical to ensure that the final product meets her needs and expectations. She is also the key decision-maker for the project and has the authority to approve any changes or modifications to the web application. </p><br>

<h3>Stakeholder Register / Profile</h3>
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>Internal/External</th>
    <th>Project Role</th>
    <th>Contact Info</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ms. Priscilla Mariano</td>
    <td>Business Owner</td>
    <td>Internal</td>
    <td>Internal User of the system / Admin</td>
    <td>priscillamariano403@gmail.com</td>
  </tr>
<tr>
    <td>Customers</td>
    <td>Consumers</td>
    <td>External</td>
    <td>Main consumers of deployed proejct</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

=Human Resource Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The human resource plan is a critical component of the project management process for Chubby Gourmet. It outlines how the project team will be organized, including roles and responsibilities, communication protocols, and performance management measures. By using this plan, the business owner and the team can ensure that they have the right people with the necessary skills to achieve project objectives, and that everyone is working together effectively towards a common goal. </p>


==Roles and Responsibilities==
<p>An effective human resources management plan is essential for the execution of the Chubby Gourmet Web Application project. It outlines the roles and responsibilities of each team member and stakeholder, ensuring clear accountability for specific project areas. The plan also establishes the level of authority granted to each team member, empowering them to make decisions and allocate project resources. Additionally, it specifies the responsibilities and work activities that each team member must undertake to accomplish their assigned tasks effectively. Competencies and required skills are identified, ensuring that team members possess the necessary capabilities to fulfill their project responsibilities. By providing this structure, the human resources management plan ensures efficient collaboration, effective resource allocation, and contributes to the successful completion of the Chubby Gourmet Web Application project. </p>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">AUTHORITY</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RESPONSIBILITY</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">COMPETENCY</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Business Owner</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Responsible for overall project direction, decision-making, and resource allocation. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ensuring the business goals and objectives are aligned with the project, providing the final approval of project deliverables. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Strong business understanding, leadership skills, and a clear understanding of the industry and market trends. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Responsible for project planning, execution, and resource management. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Defining project scope, creating and managing the project schedule, coordinating team members, tracking progress, and ensuring timely delivery of project milestones. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project management skills, leadership, strong organizational skills, communication skills, and the ability to manage risks and resolve conflicts. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scrum Master</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Facilitates the Scrum process, ensuring adherence to agile principles and removing any obstruction that may hinder team productivity. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Guiding the team in adopting Agile practices, organizing and facilitating Scrum meetings, monitoring team progress, and promoting effective collaboration. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Knowledgeable in agile and Scrum methodologies, excellent facilitation and conflict resolution skills. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Developer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Empowered to make decisions regarding the technical aspects of product development, including coding, testing, and implementation. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining the web application, ensuring adherence to project requirements and quality standards. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Proficiency in programming languages relevant to the project, software development expertise, and problem-solving skills.  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Designer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Has decision-making authority regarding the visual and user experience aspects of the web application. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Creating user interface designs, wireframes, prototypes, and ensuring a seamless and interactive user experience.  </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Proficiency in design tools and software, creativity, and the ability to translate user requirements into visually appealing and functional designs. </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Project Organizational Chart==
<p>The Project Organizational Chart for Chubby Gourmet portrays the project team and their interrelationships. Leading the chart is the Business Owner, who holds ultimate responsibility for the project's overall success. Next in line is the Project Manager, who not only supervises the project's resources, scope, and schedule but also assumes the role of the QA Tester, ensuring the quality of the product. Additionally, the Scrum Master, in addition to facilitating the development process, takes on the responsibility of being the Documentation Specialist, ensuring comprehensive and accurate project documentation. The Product Designer, on the other hand, not only creates and delivers the design elements but also fulfills the role of the Front-End Developer, implementing the visual aspects of the project. Lastly, the Back-End Developer is responsible for handling the technical aspects and functionality of the product. 
As the team consists of four members, some individuals take on multiple roles, enabling a streamlined and efficient workflow. The organizational chart serves as a valuable tool in clarifying the roles and responsibilities of each team member, fostering alignment with the project's objectives, and promoting effective collaboration.
</p>



==Staffing Management==
<p>The Staffing Management section of the human resource plan for Chubby Gourmet outlines the following key aspects: </p>
<ul>
<li>Acquisition of Human Resources: The plan specifies when and how human resources will be acquired, whether through internal recruitment, external hiring, or outsourcing. It identifies the roles and responsibilities that need to be filled and the criteria for selecting suitable candidates. </li>
<li>Skills Training: If there are identified gaps in the skills required for project activities, the plan includes provisions for training and development. It outlines the training programs or activities that will be provided to ensure that team members have the necessary competencies to perform their assigned tasks effectively. </li>
<li>Performance Reviews: The plan establishes a framework for conducting performance reviews to assess the progress and effectiveness of team members. It defines the criteria for evaluation, the frequency of reviews, and the individuals responsible for conducting them. This helps in identifying areas of improvement and providing feedback to enhance performance. </li>
<li>Rewards and Recognition: The plan includes a rewards and recognition system to motivate and acknowledge the contributions of team members. It outlines the criteria for rewards, such as bonuses or incentives, and the methods of recognition, such as public appreciation or certificates of achievement. </li>
</ul>

<p>By addressing these aspects, the Staffing Management section of the human resource plan ensures that the project has the right resources with appropriate skills, provides support for their development, and establishes mechanisms for performance evaluation and recognition, ultimately contributing to the successful execution of the Chubby Gourmet project. </p>

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RESPONSIBILITY</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">SKILLS REQUIRED</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">PERFORMANCE REVIEW</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RECOGNITION AND REWARD</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team Leader</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Overall project planning, coordination, and execution. Ensuring project goals and objectives are met, managing project resources, timelines, and deliverables, and facilitating communication and collaboration among team members. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Strong leadership skills, excellent communication and interpersonal skills, project management expertise, ability to prioritize and make critical decisions, problem-solving and conflict resolution skills. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Conduct regular performance reviews to assess the project team leader's effectiveness in managing the project, meeting objectives, and leading the team. Evaluate their ability to coordinate activities and successfully deliver project outcomes. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Recognize the Team Leader's leadership, successful project delivery, and ability to overcome challenges. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team Members</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Collaborating with the project team leader and other team members to complete assigned tasks, contributing to project deliverables, meeting deadlines, and providing input and expertise in their respective areas of specialization. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Relevant skills and expertise specific to their assigned tasks, such as web development, database management, and user-interface design. Effective communication and teamwork skills, time management, attention to detail, and the ability to work independently and follow project guidelines.  </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Regular performance reviews assess the project team members' performance, task completion, quality of work, and the ability to collaborate and contribute effectively within the project team. </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Recognized based on their individual contributions, exceptional performance, and adherence to project requirements.  </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

=Scope Management Plan=
==Introduction==
	<p>Chubby Gourmet is a local food business that has been facing process problems in its daily operations. To address these issues, our group has undertaken the task of implementing an E-commerce web application to improve the business's overall efficiency. The success of this project will depend on effective scope management, which involves defining, controlling, and monitoring the project's scope.</p>
	<p>In this paper, we will discuss our approach to scope management for the Chubby Gourmet web application project. We will first define the project's scope by identifying the objectives, deliverables, and constraints. We will then outline our strategy for controlling the scope by establishing a change control process and setting up a scope baseline. Lastly, we will discuss our approach to monitoring the project's scope, which involves tracking progress against the scope baseline and adjusting as necessary.</p>
	<p>Overall, effective scope management is critical to the success of the Chubby Gourmet web application project. By clearly defining the project's scope, controlling changes, and monitoring progress, we can ensure that the project meets its objectives and delivers value to the business.</p>

==Scope Management Approach==
<p>In this portion, we will discuss our approach to scope management for the production of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application. Below is a summary of how the group will approach each aspect:</p>

<ul>
	<li>Authority and responsibility for scope management will be held by the Project Owner, Gianna Artajos, who will work closely with the project sponsor, Ms. Priscilla Mariano and work alongside with their advisor Ms. Jo Anne de la Cuesta.</li>
	<li>The scope of the project will be defined through the creation of the Scope Statement, and the Statement of Work (SOW). These two documents will clearly define the project’s deliverables, purpose and requirements, which will be reviewed and approved by the project sponsor and adviser before development begins.</li>
	<li>The scope of the project will be measured and verified with the use of work performance measurements, and regular review of the project's progress against the scope baseline. Any deviations from the scope baseline will be identified and addressed through the scope change process.</li>
<li>The scope change process for the development of Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application, will involve the submission of a scope change request by the Project Owner, with final approval being granted by the project adviser. Any changes to the scope of the project must be carefully evaluated to ensure that they align with the project's goals and objectives and does not negatively impact the project schedule. </li>
<li>The final project deliverables will be accepted and approved by the project sponsor and project adviser and the current PBL head Mr. Jose Eugenio Quesada with the Product Owner being responsible for ensuring that all project requirements have been met. The successful completion of the project will be confirmed once all deliverables have been accepted and no comments or revisions are no longer necessary. </li>
</ul>

==Roles and Responsibilities==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Project Team</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Roles</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">Responsibilities</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Priscilla Mariano</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Client</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible to define and prioritize the product backlog to maximize the value of the product being developed and ensure that it meets the needs of the customers and business. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gia Artajos</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Owner</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible to ensure that the development team delivers a high-quality product that meets the needs of the customers and business while following the principles and practices of the chosen methodology. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Flores</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scrum Master</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible to facilitate and ensure the effective implementation of the Scrum framework, coach the team, remove impediments, protect the team, and encourage continuous improvement. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Rysal Rosel</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Developer</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible to the development team to design, develop, and deliver high-quality products that meet the requirements and specifications defined by the Product Owner or client. They are responsible for translating the product backlog into working software and ensuring that the product is delivered on time and within budget while meeting the required quality standards. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Lester Salazar</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Designer</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Is responsible to work with the development team to create intuitive and user-friendly designs that meet the needs of the users and align with the product vision defined by the Product Owner or client. They are responsible for researching user needs, creating user personas, designing wireframes and prototypes, and collaborating with the development team to ensure the final product meets the desired design standards. </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Scope Definition== 
<p>The scope of this project is to implement an E-commerce web application for Chubby Gourmet, a local food business, to address its process problems and improve overall efficiency. The web application will include the following features: product catalog with detailed descriptions and images, online ordering system with secure payment processing, customer account management, order tracking, and reporting. The project will also involve integration with existing systems such as inventory management and accounting. The project team will consist of a Product Owner, Scrum Master, developers, designers, and testers, who will work together to deliver a high-quality product within the agreed-upon timeline and budget. </p>

==Project Scope Statement==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Scope Description </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">The proposed project aims to develop an E-commerce web application that addresses the current process problems faced by Chubby Gourmet, a local food business, by implementing a customer management system, digitizing the inventory management system, and implementing a customer query management system, with the success criteria based on organizing customer orders faster by 80%, digitizing 100% of the inventory management, and displaying answers to common queries within two to three clicks, while ensuring scalability, modularity, and adaptability to future changes in the business's operations, with the project timeline and budget finalized based on the development team's analysis of the project's complexity and scope. </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Acceptance Criteria </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">The acceptance criteria for the proposed E-commerce web application for Chubby Gourmet include accurately and efficiently capturing customer information, orders, and transaction details, providing a secure and user-friendly platform for managing all aspects of the business, delivering the project within the agreed timeline and budget, ensuring scalability, modularity, and adaptability to future changes, resolving all bugs and issues before deployment, achieving the specific objectives mentioned in the problem statement, and ensuring customer satisfaction through positive feedback. </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Deliverables </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>E-commerce web application to improve Chubby Gourmet's processes.</li>
  <li>Faster organization of customer orders by 80%, including personal information, orders, and transaction details.</li>
  <li>Digitization of 100% of inventory management to allow for easier tracking of current inventory.</li>
  <li>Display of common customer queries with 2-3 clicks for faster response time.</li>
  <li>Increased customer satisfaction through improved ordering and delivery process.</li>
  <li>Increased revenue for Chubby Gourmet through improved efficiency and online visibility.</li>
  <li>Improved brand recognition and marketability through the E-commerce platform.</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Exclusions</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
<li>Any work that would require additional resources or budget beyond what has been approved for the project.</li>
<li>Procurement or installation of hardware or infrastructure beyond the scope of the project</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Constraints</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The developers will be co-working with Chubby Gourmet on the design elements but will not be involved in arranging the products and services of the business.</li>
  <li>The project functionalities are limited to the features agreed upon by the developers and Chubby Gourmet.</li>
  <li>The project must integrate the agreed-upon features, including product management, order management, inventory management, report generation, customer account creation, shopping cart, checkout, payment, delivery schedule, and order tracking.</li>
  <li>The developers have limited knowledge in making web applications but are open to learning more during the project.</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Assumptions</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">
<ul>
  <li>The project team assumes that the web application will be hosted on a reliable and secure web server.</li>
  <li>The project team assumes that there will be no major issues with integrating the selected payment gateways and delivery.</li>
  <li>The project team assumes that the web application will be tested thoroughly before deployment to ensure that it is free of major bugs and issues.</li>
</ul>
</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==Work Breakdown Structure==
<p>The Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) is a hierarchical representation of the project scope that divides the project into smaller, more manageable components. Each level in the WBS represents a progressively more detailed view of the project, starting with the highest level and moving down to the lowest level. </p>

<ul>1. Chubby Gourmet Web Application 
<ul>
<ul>1.1 Initiation 
<ul>
<ul>1.1.1 Develop Business Case
</ul>
<ul>1.1.2 Develop Project Charter
</ul>
<ul>1.1.3 Obtain Project Approval
</ul>

<ul>1.2 Planning
<ul>
<ul>1.2.1 Develop Scope Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.2 Develop Schedule Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.3 Develop Cost Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.4 Develop Risk Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.5 Develop Quality Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.6 Develop Procurement Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.7 Develop Human Resource Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.8 Develop Change Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.9 Develop Communication Management Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.10 Develop Implementation Plan</ul>
<ul>1.2.11 Design System Architecture</ul>
<ul>1.2.12 Create Wireframes and UI design</ul>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.3 Execution
<ul>
<ul>1.3.1 Set up Development Environment</ul>
<ul>1.3.2 Develop Frontend Components</ul>
<ul>1.3.3 Develop Backend Components</ul>
<ul>1.3.4 Integrate Frontend and Backend</ul>
<ul>1.3.5 Perform Unit Testing</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.4 Monitoring
<ul>
<ul>1.4.1 Monitor Project Progress and Milestones</ul>
<ul>1.4.2 Track Resource Utilization</ul>
<ul>1.4.3 Monitor Risks and Issue Resolution</ul>
<ul>1.4.4 Perform System Testing and Quality Assurance</ul>
<ul>1.4.5 Gather and Analyze User Feedback</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1.5 Closeout
<ul>
<ul>1.5.1 Finalize and Deliver Project Documentation</ul>
<ul>1.5.2 Obtain Formal Acceptance</ul>
<ul>1.5.3 Archive Project Files and Resources</ul>
<ul>1.5.4 Handover Project Deliverables to Project Sponsor</ul>
<ul>1.5.5 Perform Post-Implementation Review</ul>
<ul>1.5.5 Close Out Meeting</ul>
</ul>

==Scope Verification==
<p>To ensure that the deliverables from Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application meets the original scope, the project team will use a variety of methods for scope verification. These methods may include the following:</p>
<ul>
<li>Work Performance Measurements</li>
<p>HighTable will keep track and measure whenever a task is being worked on. With this, it will be able to help the team identify any potential issues or deviation from the original plan.</p>
<li>Scope Baseline</li>
<p>Any changes and updates that may happen throughout the course of the development of the project, will be documented and approved before they are implemented. The scope baseline will be used to ensure that the final deliverables will meet the original scope.</p>
<li>Formal Acceptance</li>
<p>The project sponsor, project adviser and PBL Head will formally accept each deliverable as it is completed. This ensures that the project team is accomplishing all expectations of all relevant individuals— allowing any necessary feedback or changes to be made in a timely manner.</p>
</ul>

==Scope Control==
<p>The scope control process for the Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application will involve the following steps for making changes to the scope baseline:</p>
<ol>
<li>A scope change request will be initiated by any stakeholder or team member who identifies a need for a change to the scope.</li>
<li>The scope change request will be reviewed by the Product Owner and the Project Adviser to assess the impact of the change on the project schedule, budget, and resources.</li>
<li>If the change is deemed low impact, the Product Owner can approve or deny the request. If the change is deemed high impact, the Product Owner can approve or deny the request. Any low impact change request approved or denied by the Project Manager can be reviewed by the adviser and overruled by the Project Sponsor.</li>
<li>If the request is approved, the Product Owner will create an action plan to proceed with the change and update the scope baseline and notify all relevant parties of the change.</li>
<li>If the request is rejected, the project team will continue with the original scope.</li>
</ol>




















=Cost Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>Effective cost management is crucial for the success of any project, and the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is no exception. This Cost Management Plan document outlines the strategies and procedures that will be employed to ensure that project costs are managed efficiently and effectively throughout its lifecycle. </p>
<p>The purpose of this plan is to establish the guidelines and standards for measuring, controlling, and reporting project costs. The plan identifies the individuals responsible for cost management, defines the authority levels for approving changes to the project budget, and outlines the mechanisms for measuring and reporting cost performance. </p>
<p>By adhering to the standards set out in this plan, we can ensure that the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is completed within budget, on time, and to the satisfaction of all stakeholders.</p>

==Cost Management Approach==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project will utilize the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) to effectively manage costs. As the project management team does not have a Project Management Information System, costs will be managed at the last level of each WBS activity, it can either be third, fourth, or fifth level of the WBS. This level of granularity strikes a balance between detailed cost management and manageable effort. </p>
<p>At the last level of each WBS activity, Cost Accounts will be established for each major deliverable. Each Cost Account will be assigned a budget, and actual costs will be tracked against this budget. To ensure effective cost management, a Cost Account Manager will be designated for each Cost Account. They will be responsible for managing the costs associated with their respective Cost Account. </p>
<p>Cost performance will be monitored by regularly reviewing actual costs against the budgeted costs for each Cost Account. Any variances will be thoroughly investigated, and corrective actions will be taken as necessary. Additionally, a cost performance index (CPI) and a schedule performance index (SPI) will be utilized to track cost and schedule performance. Monthly reports will be generated and presented to the Project Sponsor and other key stakeholders. </p>
<p>All changes to the project scope or budget will require review and approval by the Project Manager and the Project Sponsor. If a cost change exceeds 10% of the total project budget, approval from the Project Sponsor will be necessary before implementation. </p>
<p>By managing costs at the last level of the WBS and regularly reviewing cost performance, the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project will be completed within the approved budget and to the satisfaction of all stakeholders. </p>

==Measuring Project Costs==
<p>This section will detail the Earned Value measurements that will be captured and reported upon, and whether any tools, such as project management software, will be used to assist in capturing Earned Value metrics. The section will also outline how future project costs will be forecasted and how cost performance will be reviewed over time, across work packages or schedule activities. </p>
<p>Forecasting future project costs is an important aspect of cost management in any project. In the cost management plan for Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application, the project team will use a combination of historical data and expert judgment to forecast future project costs. The team will also consider any changes in project scope, schedule, or resource requirements that may affect the project budget. </p>
<p>To review cost performance across work packages or schedule activities, the team will analyze the data collected through the EVM measurements and identify the areas where the project is over or under budget. The team will then drill down to the specific work packages or activities that are causing the deviations and take corrective actions accordingly. This will help the team keep the project on track and prevent any cost overruns or schedule delays. </p>
<p>To review cost performance over time, the team will use the earned value management (EVM) approach and measure Schedule Variance (SV), Cost Variance (CV), Schedule Performance Index (SPI), and Cost Performance Index (CPI) regularly. These measurements will help the team identify any deviations from the budget and schedule and take corrective actions to keep the project on track. </p>
<p>Schedule Variance (SV) will be used to measure the schedule performance of the project. It will be calculated by taking the Earned Value (EV) and subtracting the Planned Value (PV). If SV is zero, the project is perfectly on schedule. If SV is greater than zero, the project is ahead of schedule. If SV is less than zero, the project is behind schedule. </p>
<p>Cost Variance (CV) will be used to measure the budget performance of the project. It will be calculated by subtracting Actual Costs (AC) from Earned Value (EV). If the CV is zero, the project is perfectly on budget. If the CV is greater than zero, the project is under budget. If the CV is less than zero, the project is over budget. </p>
<p>The Schedule Performance Index (SPI) will measure the progress achieved against what was planned. SPI will be calculated as EV/PV. A well-performing project should have its SPI as close to 1 as possible, or maybe even a little under 1. </p>
<p>The Cost Performance Index (CPI) will measure the value of the work completed compared to the actual cost of the work completed. CPI will be calculated as EV/AC. If the CPI is greater than 1, the project is under budget. If it's less than 1, the project is over budget. If CPI is equal to 1, the project is perfectly on budget. </p>

==Reporting Format==
<p>The reporting format for the cost management plan of the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application will be a monthly report presented by the Project Manager to the stakeholders. The report should be easily understandable and accessible to all stakeholders, including the project team, stakeholders, and management. </p>
<p>The report will include the following elements: </p>
<p>Cost Summary 
<br>
A summary of the project's status in terms of the cost, including the total project cost, the cost incurred to date, and the cost forecast for the remainder of the project.</p>
<p>Budget Overview 
<br>
A detailed breakdown of the project's budget, including the cost of each phase or deliverable, and the costs associated with each project resource (e.g., labor, equipment, etc.). </p>
<p>Cost Variance Analysis 
<br>
A detailed analysis of any variances between the project's actual costs and the budgeted costs for the month. This should include a detailed explanation of the causes of the variances, the impact on the project, and any actions taken to address them. </p>
<p>Budget Forecast 
<br>
A projection of the project's future costs, including any potential cost variances and their potential impact on the project. </p>
<p>Cost Management Metrics 
<br>
A set of key performance indicators that provide a snapshot of the project's cost performance, including cost variance, cost performance index (CPI), and schedule performance index (SPI). </p>
<p>Risks and Opportunities 
<br>
A summary of the identified risks and opportunities related to the cost of the project, including any updates to the risk and opportunity register. </p>
<p>Change Requests 
<br>
A summary of any approved or pending change requests related to the cost of the project. </p>
<p>Approval and Sign-off 
<br>
A section for the project manager and other key stakeholders to review, approve, and sign off on the cost management report. </p>

==Cost Variance Response==
<p>The Cost Variance Response Process for the Chubby Gourmet E-commerce Web Application project is outlined below: </p>
<p>Identify the Cost Variance 
<br>
The project team will monitor and track all costs incurred and compare them to the budgeted costs. If the actual costs exceed the budgeted costs by a predetermined threshold, a cost variance will be identified. </p>
<p>Analyze the Cost Variance 
<br>
The project team will analyze the cost variance to determine the root cause(s) of the deviation. This may involve a review of the project plan, a breakdown of cost components, and consultations with stakeholders. </p>
<p> 
Develop Options 
<br>
Based on the analysis, the project team will develop a range of options to address the cost variance. These may include reducing scope, changing resource allocations, renegotiating contracts, or seeking additional funding. </p>
<p>Evaluate Options 
<br>
The project team will evaluate the options in terms of feasibility, effectiveness, and impact on the project objectives. The options will be presented to the project sponsor or other decision-makers for approval. </p>
<p>Implement Chosen Option 
<br>
Once the chosen option is approved, the project team will implement the corrective action. This may involve revising the project plan, and reallocating resources. </p>
<p>Monitor Progress 
<br>
The project team will continue to monitor and track costs to ensure that the corrective action is effective in addressing the cost variance. If necessary, additional corrective actions may be taken to further mitigate the cost variance. </p>
<p>Communicate Status 
<br>
The project team will provide regular updates on the status of the cost variance and any corrective actions taken to stakeholders, including the project sponsor, management, and other relevant parties.</p>

==Cost Change Control Process==
<p>The Cost Change Control Process for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application will be as follows: </p>
<p>Request for Cost Change 
<br>
Any proposed changes to the project budget or costs must be submitted to the project manager in writing using the Cost Change Request Form. </p>
<p>Initial Assessment 
<br>
The project manager will review the Cost Change Request Form and perform an initial assessment to determine the potential impact on the project budget, schedule, scope, and quality. </p>
<p>Analysis of the Cost Change 
<br>
The project manager will analyze the Cost Change Request in consultation with the project team to determine the feasibility, risks, and benefits of the proposed change. </p>
<p>Cost Change Approval 
<br>
The project manager will submit the Cost Change Request along with the analysis and recommendations to the project sponsor for approval. The project sponsor will review the request and either approve or reject it based on the impact analysis and the project's objectives and constraints. </p>
<p>Implementation of the Cost Change 
<br>
Once approved, the project manager will implement the Cost Change in accordance with the approved plan and schedule. This may involve updating the project management plan, revising the budget, reallocating resources, changing the project scope or quality, or updating the risk management plan. </p>
<p>Cost Change Monitoring 
<br>
The project manager will monitor the Cost Change to ensure that it is implemented as per the approved plan and schedule. The project team will track the cost performance and schedule performance to identify any variances or deviations from the plan and take corrective actions as necessary. </p>
<p>Reporting on the Cost Change 
<br>
The project manager will report the Cost Change in the regular project status reports to the project sponsor, and other stakeholders as appropriate. The report will include the approved Cost Change Request, the analysis and recommendations, the implementation plan and schedule, the monitoring and control plan, and any other relevant financial data. </p>

==Project Budget==
<p>The budget for this project is detailed below.  Costs for this project are presented in various categories. </p>
Approved Budget: ₱ 2,000,000.00 
<br>Manpower Cost:	₱ 1,388,000.00 
<br>Hardware Cost:	₱ 206,656.00 
<br>Software Cost:	₱ 18,400.00 
<br>Miscellaneous Cost:	₱ 18,400.00
<br>Contingency Cost:	₱ 172,505.00
<br>Total Project Cost:	₱ 1,897,561.00 

<p>For the breakdown of costs, see the consolidated project management plan linked at the end of this wiki.</p>

<p>The Maintenance Cost Estimate is a crucial document that provides an annual projection of the expenses associated with maintaining a project after its implementation. This estimate serves as a valuable tool for organizations to effectively plan and budget for ongoing maintenance activities, ensuring the project's continued functionality and optimal performance. Below is the maintenance cost estimate for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application.</p>
<table>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Price (annually)</td>
<td>Number of units</td>
<td>Total Cost</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Hosting</td>
<td>2,500.00</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>2,500.00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Domain Name</td>
<td>1,000.00</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1,000.00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Total Maintenance Cost</td>
<td>3,500.00</td>

</tr>
</table>

=Schedule Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project is a strategic initiative that seeks to provide a robust platform for food enthusiasts to explore and purchase food items online and to help the business solve its business needs. To achieve the project's objectives, effective management practices, including proper planning, execution, and control, are essential. </p>
<p>Schedule management is a critical component of project management, which ensures that the project is delivered within the agreed timeline and budget. A well-crafted schedule provides a roadmap for the project team, enabling them to prioritize resources and tasks effectively. </p>
<p>This Schedule Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project outlines the approach to managing the project schedule, including schedule control, changes, and thresholds, and scope changes. This serves as a reference document that provides a framework for the project team to adhere to the agreed-upon schedule management process. </p>

==Schedule Management Approach==
<p>The schedule management approach outlines the general framework for creating and managing the project schedule for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application. The approach includes the scheduling tool/format, schedule milestones, and schedule development roles and responsibilities. </p>

<p><strong>Scheduling Tool/Format </strong>
<br>
The schedule management approach for this project will utilize OpenProject as the scheduling tool. OpenProject offers a comprehensive set of features, including a Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) for task breakdown, a Gantt chart for visualizing the schedule, task dependencies and relationships for logical sequencing, resource allocation and tracking, milestone tracking, baseline creation and tracking for deviations, collaborative updates and communication, and reporting and analysis capabilities. By leveraging OpenProject, the project team can effectively plan, track, and manage the project schedule, ensuring timely delivery of tasks, identifying critical path activities, and facilitating collaboration among team members.</p>

<p><strong>Schedule Development Roles and Responsibilities </strong>
<br>
The success of the project schedule depends on the project team's collaboration and communication. The roles and responsibilities for schedule development include the project manager, project team, project sponsor, and project stakeholders.  </p>

<p>Project Manager 
<br>
The project manager is responsible for overseeing the project schedule's development and ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives.  </p>
<p>Project Team 
<br>
The project team is responsible for providing input on task durations, dependencies, and resource requirements.  </p>
<p>Project Sponsor 
<br>
The project sponsor provides guidance and support throughout the project.</p>
<p>Project Stakeholders 
<br>
The project stakeholders provide input on the project schedule's development and ensure that it aligns with their requirements. </p>

==Schedule Control==
<p>The schedule control section defines how the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project's schedule will be managed throughout its duration. This includes the frequency of updates, schedule reviews, communicating the schedule and progress, and roles and responsibilities related to schedule control. </p>
<p><strong>Frequency of Updates and Schedule Reviews </strong>
<br>
The project schedule will be updated regularly to reflect progress made, changes in project scope or requirements, and other factors that may impact the project schedule. The project team will meet every Monday to review and update the project schedule, ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives and timelines. However, any changes to the project schedule will be communicated promptly to all stakeholders, including the project sponsor and project stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>Roles and Responsibilities </strong>
<br>
The success of schedule control depends on clearly defined roles and responsibilities.  </p>
<p>Project Manager 
<br>
The project manager is responsible for overseeing the project schedule's development, ensuring that it aligns with the project objectives and timelines, and managing any changes to the project schedule.  </p>
<p>Project Team 
<br>
The project team is responsible for providing input on task durations, predecessors, and resource requirements, and ensuring that tasks are completed on time.  </p>
<p>Project Sponsor 
<br>
The project sponsor provides guidance and support throughout the project, ensuring that the project stays on track and that any issues are addressed promptly.</p>
<p>Project Stakeholders 
<br>
The project stakeholders provide input on the project schedule's development, ensuring that it aligns with their requirements and expectations. </p>

==Schedule Changes and Thresholds==
<p>The schedule changes and thresholds section of the Schedule Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project outlines the process for managing schedule changes and sets the boundaries for changes to the project schedule. The section covers the approval process for schedule changes and the threshold for significant schedule changes. </p>
<p><strong>Schedule Change Request </strong>
<br>
The project sponsor will establish the schedule parameters within which the project is expected to operate. Any event that may potentially cause a schedule change exceeding these boundaries must have a schedule change request submitted for approval. The change request will identify the reason for the change, the impact on the project schedule, and any associated risks. The project manager will be responsible for submitting the schedule change request to the project sponsor for approval. </p>
<p><strong>Schedule Change Approval </strong>
<br>
The project sponsor will review and approve schedule change requests based on the established criteria. The project sponsor will consider the reason for the change, the impact on the project schedule, and any associated risks when making their decision. If the schedule change is approved, the project manager will update the project schedule and communicate the changes to the project team, stakeholders, and other relevant parties. </p>
<p><strong>Schedule Change Threshold </strong>
<br>
For the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project, a change threshold of 10% will be used. This means that any schedule change that impacts the project schedule by more than 10% must be approved by the project sponsor before the change can be implemented. This threshold will help to ensure that significant schedule changes are carefully considered and that the project remains on track. </p>

==Scope Change==
<p>The scope change section of the Schedule Management Plan for the Chubby Gourmet e-commerce web application project outlines the process for managing scope changes and the impact on the project schedule. The section covers the process for evaluating the impact of scope changes and the steps for re-baselining the schedule if necessary. </p>
<p><strong>Scope Change Evaluation </strong>
<br>
Approved changes to the project's scope may result in the need to re-baseline the project schedule. These scope changes may include new deliverables or requirements that were not previously considered as part of the original schedule's development. When a scope change is proposed, the project manager and team must evaluate the impact of the change on the project schedule, resources, and budget. The project team will consider the impact on the schedule, identify any critical path changes, and adjust the schedule as needed. </p>
<p><strong>Re-Baselining the Schedule </strong>
<br>
If the evaluation indicates that the scope change will have a significant impact on the project schedule, the project manager will initiate the re-baselining process. This process includes updating the project schedule with the approved changes and obtaining approval from the project sponsor. The project manager will work with the project team to update the schedule and ensure that any changes are communicated to stakeholders and other relevant parties. </p>
<p><strong>Scope Change Approval </strong>
<br>
The project sponsor will review and approve scope changes based on the established criteria. The project sponsor will consider the impact on the project schedule, resources, and budget when making their decision. If the scope change is approved, the project manager will update the project schedule, obtain the necessary approvals, and communicate the changes to the project team and stakeholders. </p>

=Change Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application was created for the group’s chosen client which is Ms. Priscilla Mariano in order to help solve certain problems found within her current  
system of her local food business. Everyone involved in the development of the project must request changes to the group HighTable in accordance with this Change Management Plan and all requests and submissions will follow the process detailed herein. </p>

==Change Control Board==
<p>The Change Control Board (CCB) is the approval authority for all proposed change requests pertaining to the project. The purpose of the CCB is to review all change requests, determine their impacts on the project risk, scope, cost, and schedule, and to approve or deny each change request. The following table provides a list of the CCB members for the project. 
</p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">POSITION</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Priscilla Mariano</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gianna Bernice R. Artajos</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Owner</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Philip L. Flores</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scrum Master</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
<p>As change requests are submitted to the Project Manager by the project team/stakeholders, the Project Manager will log the requests in the change log and the CCB will convene every other Monday to review all change requests. For a change request to be approved, all CCB members must vote in favor. In the event more information is needed for a particular change request, the request will be deferred and sent back to the requestor for more information or clarification. If a change is deemed critical, an ad hoc CCB meeting can be called to review the change prior to the next scheduled weekly CCB meeting.
</p>

==Roles and Responsibilities==
<p>The following are the roles and responsibilities for all change management efforts related to the IS Project: </p>
<p>Project Sponsor and Project Manager: </p>
<ul>
<li>Seek clarification from change requestors on any open issues or concerns </li>
<li>Review documentation revisions/edits as necessary for all approved changes </li>
<li>Participate of CCB </li>
</ul>
<p>Scrum Master:</p>
<li>Submit all change requests on standard organizational change request forms </li>
<li>Propose/Provide all applicable information and detail on change request forms </li>
<li>Be prepared to address questions regarding any submitted change requests </li>
<li>Provide feedback as necessary on impact of proposed changes </li>

==Change Control Process==
<p>The Change Control Process for the Chubby Gourmet’s E-commerce Web Application will follow the organizational standard change process for all projects. The Scrum Master has overall 
responsibility for executing the change management process for each change request. </p>

<ol>
<li>Identify the need for a change (Scrum Master) – Change requestor will submit a 
completed change request form to the project manager. </li>
<li>Log change in the change request register (Scrum Master) – The Scrum Master will  
also keep a log of all submitted change requests throughout the project’s lifecycle. </li>
<li>Evaluate the change (Project Manager, Scrum Master) – The Scrum Master  
will conduct a preliminary analysis on the impact of the change to risk, schedule, and 
scope and seek clarification from both the project advisor and HighTable members. </li>
<li>Submit change request to CCB (Scrum Master) – The Scrum Master will submit the 
change request, as well as the preliminary analysis, to the PBL head for review. </li>
<li>Obtain decision on change request (Project Manager) – The CCB will 
discuss the proposed change and decide whether it will be approved based on all 
submitted information or not. </li>
<li>Implement change (HighTable) – If a change is approved by the CCB,  
Scrum Master will update and re-baseline project documentation as necessary. </li>
</ol>

=Communications Management Plan=
==Introduction==
<p>The Communications Management Plan document tackles Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application’s communication strategy and protocols that both HighTable and the stakeholder can use. The plan will be answering the following: </p>

<ul>
<li>The plan outlines types of information that will be communicated, such as project updates, progress reports, risks, and issues. It will also include the amount of detail and format of the information (Whether it be communicated verbally or through written means) </li>
<li>The plan outlines the methods of communication that will be utilized, such as meetings, or email, telephone.  </li>
<li>The plan outlines the frequency of project communications, both formal and informal methods. </li>
<li>The plan defines the roles and responsibilities of team members and stakeholders in terms of communication; this also includes who is responsible for distributing project information. </li>
<li>The plan outlines the communication needs of all stakeholders and how they will be met.  </li>
<li>The plan outlines the resources needed for communication (Such as budget and personnel) to have free flowing communication amongst all parties. </li>
<li>The plan outlines the protocols for exchanging sensitive or confidential information and includes who must authorize the release of such information.  </li>
<li>The plan defines a process for managing changes in the communication process. This will include how changes will be proposed, reviewed, and approved. This ensures that all stakeholders are aware of any changes and that the communication process remains consistent throughout the project. </li>
<li>The plan outlines the flow of communication within the production of the project. This also includes how information is exchanged between team members, the stakeholder, and other individuals involved in the development of the project. This helps to ensure that everyone involved in the Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application project is informed and that the information is shared in a timely manner.  </li>
<li>The plan discusses any constraints that may affect the project communications (E.g. legal or regulatory requirements) and outlines how these constraints will be addressed.  </li>
<li>The plan outlines any standard templates, formats, or documents that will be used for communicating project information (E.g. progress report, minutes of the meeting). </li>
<li>The plan includes an escalation process for resolving any communication-based conflicts or issues that may arise during the project.</li>  
</ul>



==Communications Management Approach==
<p>In this portion of the paper, it will be tackling how HighTable intends to manage their communications on the project. The group will approach this with a proactive and practical way of communicating with one another. </p>
<p>By being proactive, this allows the group to have a selfless attitude as the principle allows them to avoid small difficulties that may build up in the future. All members should have a proactive mindset as it allows everyone to have a deep understanding of what is needed and what actions can be taken to accomplish them.  </p>
<p>By being practical, this allows the group to be concise and efficient with how they progress throughout the development of the project. Analyzing and narrowing down the needed details, information, and data can ensure that everyone involved is getting the important points. Taking into consideration of how the status of the project and how the status of each member is, can help determine when and how to communicate the needs for one another. </p>



==Communications Management Constraints==
<p>The Communications Management Constraints for Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application will be identifying the constraints, limitations, and boundaries that may leave an impact or hinder the project’s development. It is important to address these constraints as it will serve as an outline of what the team’s limits are in terms of information and it can help find a way to mitigate potential roadblocks along the way. </p>
<p>This portion of the paper will discuss an overview of key constraints to take note of, and these may include communication processes such as internal and external factors, technological limitations, and regulatory requirements. </p>
<p>The Communications Management Constraints of the project are as follows: </p>

<ol>
<li>Limited budget for communication tools and resources: The project has a limited budget for communication tools and resources, so the usage of provided communication applications (E.g. Microsoft Teams meeting) will be mainly used. </li>
 
<li>Limited access to the stakeholder: The stakeholder may have limitations upon meeting physically as they are assigned to farther locations (specifically outside of NCR). </li>
 
<li>Limited availability of team members: The team members may be preoccupied with other commitments or responsibilities in their own times, which may limit their availability for communication.  </li>
 
 
<li>Confidentiality: Certain information related to the project may be confidential and require special handling and communication protocols (E.g. Addresses, Contact information, Account Information, and etc.).  </li>
 
 
<li>Technical difficulties: Technical difficulties may hinder communications as times may be unavoidable depending on the situation.  </li>
 
<li>Time constraints: The project can be restricting in time due to the needed deliverable dates assigned by either the team or the stakeholder. </li>
</ol>


==Stakeholder Communication Requirements==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLES</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RESPONSIBILITIES</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individual responsible providing financial resources and has the final say in the project. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Key Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Same induvial as the project sponsor. Group/Individual that has taken interest in collaborating with HighTable in the development of the project. </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individual responsible for planning, handling, and executing the project. They are considered to be the team leader that will do the best of their abilities to accomplish any and all tasks relating to the project.  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Change Control Board</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The designated group, which reviews technical specifications and authorizes changes within the organization’s infrastructure.  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individuals responsible for the technical aspects of the Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application. They handle the front and back-end components of the project and accomplish all and needed tasks to meet the key stakeholder’s needs.  </p></td>
	</tr>

</table>

==Roles==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLES</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">RESPONSIBILITIES</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individual responsible providing financial resources and has the final say in the project. </p></td>
</tr>

<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Key Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Same induvial as the project sponsor. Group/Individual that has taken interest in collaborating with HighTable in the development of the project. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individual responsible providing financial resources and has the final say in the project. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individual responsible for planning, handling, and executing the project. They are considered to be the team leader that will do the best of their abilities to accomplish any and all tasks relating to the project.  </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Change Control Board</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The designated group, which reviews technical specifications and authorizes changes within the organization’s infrastructure.  </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Individuals responsible for the technical aspects of the Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application. They handle the front and back-end components of the project and accomplish all and needed tasks to meet the key stakeholder’s needs. </p></td>
</tr>
</table>


==Project Team Directory==
<p>The following table presents contact information for all persons identified in this communications management plan.  The email addresses and phone numbers in this table will be used to communicate with these people. </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">TITLE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ORGANIZATION/DEPARTMENT</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">PHONE</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Priscilla Mariano</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Business Owner</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">External</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">priscillamariano403@gmail.com</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+63) 945 518 9285 </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Program Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Mr. Jose Eugenio L. Quesada </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">PMO Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Internal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(555) 555-1313 </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Gianna Bernice R. Artajos</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Internal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">grartajos@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+63) 908 814 4825 </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Ms. Priscilla Mariano</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Business Owner</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">External</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">priscillamariano403@gmail.com </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+63) 945 518 9285 </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">John Rysal C. Rosel</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Developer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Internal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">jcrosel@student.apc.edu.ph </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+63) 977 216 8841 </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Lester Dave M. Salazar</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Designer</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Internal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">lmsalazar2@student.apc.edu.ph </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+63) 935 553 5180  </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Development Team</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Marcus Philip L. Flores</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Scrum Master</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Internal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">mlflores@student.apc.edu.ph </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">(+63) 939 439 3060  </p></td>
	</tr>

</table>



==Communication Methods and Technologies==
<p>The Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application project needs a thorough understanding of what communication models and technologies are available to them, in order to effectively choose which method benefits all. Taking into consideration the different capabilities and limitations of each communication method and technology, will ensure that all individuals receive the necessary information they need. This portion of the document will determine the most effective methods for delivering project updates, progress reports, risks, and issues, and any other relevant information. </p>
<p>It is also important to consider the cost and feasibility of using different technologies, as well as any security or privacy related issues that may occur. By carefully considering all possibilities available to the team, this will ensure that all information will be received to everyone involved efficiently and safely. </p>
<p>These are the following considerations that HighTable will factor in for the communication methods: </p>

<ol>
<li>Location of the Stakeholder 
Since Ms. Mariano is stationed in Laguna and cannot hold a physical meeting and prefers a purely online way of communicating, the technology used to contact her must suit their current technology without sacrificing any security measures as much as possible. </li>
 
<li>The Type of Information dealt with 
Depending on how crucial or confidential the information is, the mode of communication must be considered depending on the type of information that is being handled. </li>
 
<li>Size and Complexity of the Project  
Considering how Chubby Gourmet is a micro-enterprise, the need for web portals and large-scale project management applications would not be a priority. </li>
 
<li>Level of technical expertise 
The client may not be too well versed in the field of technology. Keeping a simple and straight to the point communication will be most effective in this scenario. </li>
</ol>

<p>With all of these factors in mind, HighTable will take into consideration on how to approach the stakeholder with the combination of all of these factors in the most effective and efficient way as possible. </p>


==Communications Matrix==
<p>The following table identifies the communications requirements for this project. </p>
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">CHANNEL</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">FROM</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">TO</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">TYPE</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">FREQUENCY</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">FORMAT USED</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DELIVERY MEDIA</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Planning</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Meeting</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Once before the start of the project </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Formal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Outlook, Microsoft Teams</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Release Planning</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Program Manager, Project Manager </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Meeting</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Once before the start of the project, Update if necessary </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Formal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Outlook, Microsoft Teams</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Sprint Planning</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager, Development Team </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Meeting</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Once every week </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Informal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Outlook, Microsoft Teams</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Management Processes</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Program Manager, Project Manager </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Meeting</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Once before the start of the project, Update if necessary </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Written Documents</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Outlook, Microsoft Teams</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Backlog</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager, Development Team </p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Artifact</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Once every week</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Written Documents</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Outlook, Microsoft Teams</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Update</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder, Program Manager</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Meeting</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Once every week</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Informal</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Outlook, Microsoft Teams</p></td>
</tr>
</table>

==Communication Flowchart==


==Guidelines for Meeting==
<p>In order to ensure an effective flow of information that is met with everyone involved, HighTable will be holding meetings that are productive, efficient, and effective. To do so, it is important to establish clear guidelines for the said meetings. These guidelines will include information on the purpose of meetings, the roles and responsibilities of attendees, and the procedures that will done in the meetings. </p>
<p>Having the meeting guidelines allows both the attendees and the project manager to have a sense of preparedness and can participate to the meeting accordingly. This will also allow the meeting flow to be more organized and efficient as it aims to avoid confusion and waste time. </p>
<p>Here are the following meeting guidelines for HighTable: </p>

<ol>
<li>Purpose: Defining the purpose of the meeting allows the attendees to discuss the progress, resolve issues, and create decisions. </li>
 
<li>Scheduling: Scheduling meeting in advance and placed in a time slot suited for everyone attending the meeting. </li>
 
<li>Attendance: All team members are required to attend all meetings unless their excuse is valid, and they have requested their leave in advance.  </li>
  
<li>Minutes of the Meeting: All minutes of the meeting with be recorded by the Scrum Master, if they so happen to NOT be in the meeting, the project manager shall take over their role in their absence. </li>
 
<li>Decisions: Based on the discussion of the meeting and how the flow of the meeting has gone, the decision must be made by consensus, if it does not reach a consensus the project manager will be the one to decide for the group. 
Follow-up: Must be noted down in the minutes of the meeting and must be addressed in the next meeting. </li>
 
<li>Time Management: Meetings should start and end on the specified time slot agreed upon, to avoid going off schedule from project development. </li>
 
<li>Recording:  Agreed upon by everyone in the meeting (and a note to the privacy act enacted upon the online meeting), a recording of the session should be standard, in case of an attendee not being able to reach the meeting. </li>
</ol>


==Communication Standards==
<p>The communication standards for the Chubby Gourmet’s E-Commerce Web Application project are the following: </p>
<ol>
<li>Standardized Document Templates:  Making use of the standardized templates (usually provided by the program manager) will give a sense of consistency throughout the documentation of the project. These templates include: minutes of the meeting, meeting agendas, status reports, documentation deliverables, and etc. </li>
 
<li>Communication Protocols: Creating a standard way of communicating can allow a more fluid way of getting the information out more efficiently and effectively. This will also include the handling of sensitive or confidential information that may come across in the meetings. </li>
 
<li>File Naming Convention: Having a standardized way of naming file, can ensure an easier way of locating and accessing files when needed. </li>
 
<li>Online Conferencing: The use of online conference tools such as Microsoft Teams will be useful for the team, considering how the stakeholder is located in a different area form the team. </li>
</ol>

==Communication Escalation Process==
<p>The ideal communication escalation process for HighTable would involve the following steps: </p>
<ol>
<li>Identify the Problem: The team should identify what problem they are to solve, so that they know if it needs to be escalated or not. </li>
 
<li>Attempt to solve the problem within the team: The team should attempt to solve the issue by themselves in order to measure how big the problem is. </li>
 
<li>Involve a communication manager: If the problem cannot be resolved, the group must look towards a communication manager, that will responsible for the communication between the team and the program manager. 
Consult to higher positions: If the problem is still not resolved, the problem will notified by the higher positions to review and look for further solutions.  </li>
 
 
<li>Document the problem and resolution: Once the problem is resolved, all details of the session must be recorded for documentation purposes. </li>
 
<li>Review and prepare for follow-up: After resolving and documentation, those who were not at the session can review on what had transpired and can formulate follow-ups if needed.  </li>
</ol>

==Glossary of Communication Terminology==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">TERM</p></td>
<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DEFINITION</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication Plan</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Document outlining the communication management strategy for the project team and the stakeholders. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Stakeholder</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Sole individual that has taken interest in the project’s output. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication Frequency</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">The frequency how much communications are distributed. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication Flowchart</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Visual representation of how information is passed around. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication Standards</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Standard templates, formats, or documents that are established in the project development. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication Guidelines</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Protocols used for conducting any kind of communication done. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Communication Tools</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Technology and tools used for communication. Applications such as Microsoft Teams and Outlook. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Escalation Process</p></td>
<td><p style="text-align:center;">Process used for resolving problems found within the project development. </p></td>
</tr>

</table>




=Part 2=
<p>This link will redirect you to the Part 2 of this Project Wiki. <a href="https://github.com/apcjlquesada/APC_2022_2023_3rd_Term_PROJMAN/wiki/Group-02-HighTable-CHUBBY-GOURMET%E2%80%99S-E-COMMERCE-WEB-APPLICATION-Part-2">Click here<a/></p>

=Consolidated Project Management Plan=
<p>This link will redirect you to the folder of consolidated project management plan. <a href="https://asiapacificcollege-my.sharepoint.com/personal/jlquesada_apc_edu_ph/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?ct=1685945315509&or=Teams%2DHL&ga=1&id=%2Fpersonal%2Fjlquesada%5Fapc%5Fedu%5Fph%2FDocuments%2F2023%203rd%20Term%2F2023%20T3%20PROJMAN%2F09%20PROJMAN%20Consolidated%20Document%20and%20Final%20Presentation%2F03%20PROJMAN%5FMI202%5FT3%5FAY2022%5F2023%2FMI202%5FG02%5FHighTable&view=0"> Click here </a></p>