
=1. PROJECT TITLE=

<h2 style="text-align:center"> D7 Auto Service Center Web-App </h2>

=2. PROJECT MEMBERS=

==2.1 Project Professor==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio L. Quesada</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jlquesada@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==2.2 Project Adviser==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jo Anne M. de la Cuesta</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">joannec@apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>
==2.3 Project Team==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
                <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">EMAIL</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Andre O. Viernes</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">aoviernes@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Dan Micheal C. Alfaras</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Owner</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">dcalfaras@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Alyssa L. Garcia</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Web Developer </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">algarcia@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">John Zenon Coquia</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Developer Assistant </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">jpcoquia@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Francesca Erin Camino</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Coordinator / Documentation Manager </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">frcamino@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Darrell Royce Lazala</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Coordinator Assistant</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">dalazala@student.apc.edu.ph</p></td>
	</tr>
</table>


=3. COMPANY PROFILE=

D7 Auto Service Center is a well-established automotive repair and maintenance company that has been providing quality services for 16 years. Located in Gen Trias, Cavite, they offer a wide range of services including oil changes, brake repairs, engine diagnostics, and general maintenance, among others. D7 Auto Service Center relies on Facebook for their online platform and customers can reach out to them through Facebook or through text/call. They also rely on traditional logbooks for managing their reservations. However, to stay ahead of the competition, it is recommended that they add an additional online platform to provide a more customizable feel and look. With a commitment to quality customer service and a team of expert technicians, D7 Auto Service Center is a reliable choice for car owners in the area.

=4. BUSINESS CASE=
==4.1 Executive Summary==
The D7 Auto Service Center, an established participant in the automotive business, is having difficulties using the existing advertising strategies to promote its services and build an online presence. Furthermore, the lack of a centralized system makes reservation management difficult and frustrating, leading to inconsistent booking practices. A web-app project is suggested as a solution to these problems in order to centralize reservations and bookings in a digital system. A reservation system, customer profiles, service galleries, reviews/feedback area, social media links, and other features will all be included in the online application. The project will adhere to the Agile development technique, considering suggestions from D7's management and clients at every stage. Results including better reservation management, higher visibility, and improved customer service are anticipated. The solution can be supported by the fact that it will allow D7 to serve consumers around the clock, organize bookings, and provide a comfortable communication platform. The project overview gives information on the project description, goals, objectives, and milestones, while the problem statement underlines the difficulties D7 is now facing.  

In conclusion, the D7 Auto Service Center web-app project is suggested as a thorough solution to deal with the company's issues with advertising, online presence, and reservation management, with projected favorable consequences and alignment with SDG no. 9 on Innovation. 

===4.1.1 Issue===
The D7 Auto Service Center is a well-established enterprise in the automobile industry, having served customers in Cavite, Philippines for over 16 years. Despite its long-standing presence in the market, D7 has encountered challenges in effectively promoting its services and establishing an online presence using its current advertising methods. Furthermore, the company faces difficulties in managing reservations due to the absence of a centralized system, resulting in inconsistencies and errors in recordkeeping. As a consequence, retrieving information when necessary has become inconvenient. 

===4.1.2 Anticipated Outcomes===
After the deployment of the Web-app developed for D7 Auto Service Center as an additional platform, the D7 Auto Service Center will now have an additional platform to aid in advertising their services, which also gives them increased visibility, given as an advantage amongst their competitors and to have a centralized system. Furthermore, this platform will allow a more centralized and available 24/7 reservation system and management of the reservation system, while it also extends D7’s support to their customers and potential clients.  

===4.1.3 Recommendation===
The proposed solution recommended by the project team is to develop a comprehensive Web-App that centralizes all reservations and bookings into a digital system. This platform will facilitate convenient communication between customers and technical specialists, extending support to both existing customers and potential clients. It is anticipated that the deployment of the D7 Web-App will result in a 50% increase in customer reach within the first three months, leveraging the platform's features and functionalities. 

===4.1.4 Justification===
Integrating the new Web-App project with the existing system of D7 Auto Service Center will enable the business to expand its customer base and improve service delivery. This is in contrast to the current manual and labor-intensive system. The Web-App project will centralize and automate the booking and reservation process, allowing the business to serve customers round-the-clock while providing a unified platform for communication between customers and technical specialists. This will take progress of lessening to eliminating unnecessary complexities in communication, unlike the previous system with multiple contact channels. The addition of the Web-App platform will not replace the existing system, but rather enhance it by extending its capabilities and providing a more efficient and convenient customer experience. 

==4.2 Business Case Analysis Team==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
                <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESCRIPTION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Responsible for overseeing the project, managing budgets, timelines, and resources. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Andre O. Viernes </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Product Owner</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Represents the customer's interests and sets priorities for the development team. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Dan Micheal C. Alfaras </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Web Developer </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Responsible for developing the website's technical architecture and coding. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Alyssa L Garcia </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Web Developer Assistant </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Assists the web developer with coding and other technical tasks. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> John Zenon Coquia </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Project Coordinator / Documentation Manager </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Assists the project coordinator with administrative tasks.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Francesca Erin Camino <br><br>Carl James Garcia </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Coordinator Assistant</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;">  Assists the project coordinator with administrative tasks.  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Darrell Royce Lazala </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Stakeholder</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> In charge of providing the necessary resources for the project, defining the project's objectives, monitoring its advancement, and ensuring its success in achieving its objectives and delivering business value.  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Anne Sydney Simpelo </p></td>
	</tr>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Class Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> His responsibility is to guide and assist the Project Manager and team by ensuring that the project conforms to any applicable academic standards, and by offering recommendations on optimal approaches to managing project scope. </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Jose Eugenio L. Quesada</p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Adviser</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;">  In charge of providing guidance and support to a project team or student throughout the project's planning, execution, and completion. Offers advice on the project's scope, objectives, methodology, and deliverables.  </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Jo Anne M. de la Cuesta </p></td>
	</tr>
</table>

==4.3 Problem Definition==
===4.3.1 Problem Statement===
The D7 Auto Service Center is facing multiple challenges in their business operations. Firstly, their current advertising and online presence on Facebook, their sole platform for promotions, is struggling due to limitations in customer reach caused by the platform's ever-changing algorithm. This hinders their ability to effectively promote their services and engage with potential customers, especially in a highly competitive online market. 

Secondly, D7 Auto Service Center is facing difficulties in managing and keeping track of customer reservations. Customers use various channels such as Gmail, mobile text, Facebook Messenger, and walk-ins to make reservations, resulting in a lack of centralized system for recording and managing bookings. This leads to inconsistencies, errors, and time-consuming manual collation of data from different channels, which affects their customer service and revenue potential. 

Lastly, the COVID-19 pandemic has intensified the online competition for D7 Auto Service Center, making it even more challenging to attract and retain customers. They need innovative solutions to improve their online presence, customer engagement, and reservation management to stay competitive in the market and enhance their overall business performance. 

These challenges highlight the need for a comprehensive solution that can address D7 Auto Service Center's advertising and online presence issues, streamline their reservation management process, and provide additional features to enhance customer engagement. 


===4.3.2 Organizational Impact===
The proposed project at D7 Auto Service Center will make significant improvements to organizational processes, tools, hardware, and software. A centralized reservation and management system will be implemented to eliminate difficulties and errors in recordkeeping caused by the current system. This will result in improved accuracy and efficiency in managing reservation logs and record keeping, reducing manual collation efforts, and enhancing overall customer service. Additionally, the project will provide an extended communication platform for customers and specialists through the web-app, allowing for seamless and efficient communication for inquiries, clarifications, and updates. This will lead to increased customer engagement and satisfaction, as well as improved communication within the organization for more effective service delivery. The project may also create new roles or modify existing ones to align with the new system, such as assigning a designated team or individual to manage and oversee reservations. Overall, the proposed project will bring about positive changes in reservation management and customer interactions within the organization. 

===4.3.1 Technology Migration===
D7 Auto Service Center will have an implemented customized software solution designed for their business, involving configuration of the software to meet their unique needs and close collaboration with the project team for smooth deployment and integration. Future data collected upon usage of the web-app including customer profiles, service history, inventory records, and financial transactions, will be uploaded to the new system, validated for accuracy and integrity, and converted into compatible formats. Technical requirements and potential obstacles will be addressed by the project team, ensuring a smooth and seamless data processing, resulting in improved customer service, streamlined business processes, and enhanced decision-making capabilities through effective access and leverage of historical customer data. 

==4.4 Project Overview==
The D7 Auto Service Center Web-app project overview will provide more details on how the project will be addressed. The overview is composed of a project description, goals, objectives, project performance criteria, project assumptions, constraints, and major milestones. As the project is approved, each of the sections will be explained further to have deeper understanding toward the project plan.  
===4.4.1 Project Description===
The project will focus on developing a web-app platform using modern web development technologies for D7 Auto Service Center. This platform will serve as an additional online presence, alongside their existing Facebook page, and will include features such as a reservation system, customer profiles, service gallery, reviews/feedback section, social media links, 360° virtual tour, and service listing. The project team will follow an Agile development methodology to ensure continuous improvement and adaptability, incorporating feedback from D7's management and customers throughout the development process. Thorough testing will be conducted before deployment, and support will be provided during the initial phase. The purpose of the project is to expand D7's online presence, improve reservation management, and enhance customer engagement, aligning with SDG (Sustainable Development Goals) no. 9 on Innovation. The web-app platform will be a valuable marketing and management tool for D7, providing added convenience and value for their customers. 

===4.4.2 Goals and Objectives===
Below are the specific goals and objectives that the project aims to achieve: 
* To increase customer reach by up to 50% within the first three months of deployment of the web-app by leveraging an additional online platform. 

* To develop a centralized system for D7 to manage the bookings of their customers and allow their customers to request reservations 24/7. 

* To extend the Auto Service Center’s support for their customers, as well as potential customers, through an environment where both customers and D7 specialists can converse. 

===4.4.3 Project Performance===
The success of the project will be measured using key performance indicators (KPIs) that will gauge the project's performance and outcomes in relation to key resources, processes, or services. The following KPIs will be used to assess the project's performance: 

* Timeline adherence: The project team will monitor and track the project's progress in meeting its timeline milestones and deadlines. This will ensure that the project is progressing as planned and will help identify any potential delays or issues that may arise during the project execution. 

* Budget management: The project team will closely monitor the project's budget to ensure that it remains within the approved budgetary limits. Any variances will be identified and addressed promptly to prevent cost overruns and maintain financial accountability. 

* Quality control: Quality control measures will be implemented throughout the project to ensure that deliverables meet the predefined quality standards. This may include regular reviews, inspections, and testing of project deliverables to ensure they are of the expected quality. 

* Stakeholder satisfaction: The project team will assess stakeholder satisfaction through feedback mechanisms, surveys, and regular communication channels. This will provide insights into stakeholders' perceptions of the project's progress and outcomes and allow for any necessary adjustments to meet their expectations. 

* Resource utilization: The project team will monitor the utilization of key resources, such as personnel, equipment, and materials, to ensure that they are efficiently and effectively utilized. This will help identify any inefficiencies or resource constraints and take appropriate actions to optimize resource utilization. 

* Process efficiency: The project team will assess the efficiency of project management processes and methodologies employed throughout the project. This may include measuring the effectiveness of project planning, risk management, communication, and decision-making processes, among others. Any identified gaps or bottlenecks will be addressed to improve overall process efficiency. 

* Project outcomes: The project team will evaluate the project's outcomes against the predefined project objectives and deliverables. This may include measuring the completion of project deliverables, achievement of project milestones, and realization of expected benefits and outcomes. 

Regular monitoring, tracking, and reporting of these KPIs will provide insights into the project's performance and outcomes and enable the project team to take timely corrective actions, if needed, to ensure project success. 

===4.4.4 Project Assumptions===
The following list includes the project’s preliminary assumptions: 

* The development team has the technical knowledge and proficiency required to successfully complete the project in accordance with the specifications. 

* The client has provided clear and concise project requirements, and the development team has a thorough understanding of these requirements. 

* The project budget and timeline are reasonable and realistic considering the scope of work involved. 

* The hardware and software infrastructure required for the development and deployment of the web-app is available and is capable of meeting the project’s needs.  

* The client is committed to providing timely feedback and approvals during the development process to ensure smooth progress and timely decision-making. 

* The web-app will undergo comprehensive testing before deployment to ensure that it meets all functional and non-functional requirements and is of high quality. 

* The development team will use an Agile project management approach to ensure effective project execution by providing flexibility and adaptability to changing requirements and conditions. 

* Any project-related legal or compliance obligations are acknowledged, and they will be followed throughout the project's duration. 

* The project team has access to the necessary resources, tools, and technology required for the successful completion of the project. 

Throughout the course of the project, these assumptions will be reviewed and updated often to maintain their accuracy and relevance and to proactively address any changes or inconsistencies that might have an effect on the project's success. 

===4.4.5 Project Constraints===
Below are the preliminary constraints of the project: 
* Communication Constraints: The client and team's diverse locations and schedules make it difficult to establish a consistent communication plan, resulting in decision-making delays and misunderstandings that could lead to rework and other problems. 

* Scope Constraints: The client's requirements being too broad or vague make it challenging to determine the project scope, resulting in scope creep, delays, or conflicts with the project team. 

===4.4.6 Major Project Milestones===
Below are the major milestones of the project:  

* Project Planning: In this milestone, the project team meets the client and defines project goals, scope, limitation, requirements, timeline, risks, and assumptions. This includes identifying the client's needs and expectations, determining the project's objectives and deliverables, and identifying potential challenges that may arise. 

* Analysis and Design: the project team analyzes the project requirements and designs a solution that meets the client's needs, which may involve creating use cases, wireframes, prototypes, UML diagrams, and system design documents. 

* Development: In this milestone, the project team started developing the web-app with the chosen programming languages and tools identified during the previous Analysis and Design milestone.  

* Testing: In this milestone, the project team conducts various types of testing to ensure the web-app works as expected. This includes system testing to test the system, acceptance testing to ensure the system meets the client's requirements, etc. The team also identifies and fixes any issues discovered during testing. 

* Deployment: In this milestone, the project team makes the solution accessible to end-users by deploying it to the production environment and configuring the necessary infrastructure, including servers, databases, and networking. # . # Project Planning: In this milestone, the project team meets the client and defines project goals, scope, limitation, requirements, timeline, risks, and assumptions. This includes identifying the client's needs and expectations, determining the project's objectives and deliverables, and identifying potential challenges that may arise. 

==4.5 Strategic Alignment==
By aligning the D7 Auto Service Center project with the overall strategic goals and objectives of the company, we can ensure that the project contributes to the long-term success of the organization and helps achieve a competitive advantage in the automotive service industry. 

D7 Auto Service Center aims to become a trusted and leading provider of automotive repair and maintenance services in the local market.  

By introducing cutting-edge technology and effective procedures that will accelerate the operations of the service center, increase customer service, and raise overall service quality, the project is in line with this objective. The project will assist D7 Auto Service Center build a reputation for reliability, professionalism, and high-quality service by streamlining the service delivery process and assuring prompt and accurate contact with clients, which will help the business achieve long-term success. 

Furthermore, D7 Auto Service Center aims to continually innovate and adapt to the evolving needs of customers and the automotive industry.  

Advanced diagnostic tools, effective appointment scheduling, and digital record-keeping systems are all implemented as part of the project to boost the capabilities and productivity of the service center. The project will help D7 Auto Service Center remain competitive in the fast-paced automotive service sector and meet changing client expectations by keeping up with the most recent advancements in automotive technology and service trends.  

In addition, D7 Auto Service Center is committed to achieving high customer satisfaction and loyalty through exceptional service and support.  

By introducing effective workflow procedures, cutting down on service wait times, and enhancing customer communication on service status and price estimates, the project is in line with this objective. The project will boost customer satisfaction and loyalty by providing exceptional customer service and fostering long-lasting connections with customers. This will lead to repeat business and helpful recommendations from others.  

Overall, the D7 Auto Service Center project's strategic alignment with the organization's objectives of becoming a reputable and innovative provider, ongoing innovation, and customer satisfaction shows how the project supports the company's long-term success and justifies the investment in the project. 

==4.6 Cost Benefit Analysis==
The Cost Benefit Analysis of the project was determined through four parts those being: 

Costs Determined:  

The only cost (as of PROJMAN) determined for this project will be that of its deployment in AWS. It is calculated to be at a total of 3$ per month, and the calculation is as follows: 

Estimated at 3$ x 12 months = 36$  

36$ converted to Philippine Peso = 1,981 Pesos. 

1,981 Pesos will be the cost of the project's launch, annually.  

Calculated/Estimated Benefits: 

Under the researched information for the objectives, it is stated that the increase in sales after deploying the additional platform (web-app) can rise to 50%. Within the first three months of deployment. Due to confidentialities with regards to the current earnings of D7 Auto Service Center, it is hereby backed up instead with the information provided to the Elite Four, in which as per the interview with the client, one service rendered, is enough to pay for the annual hosting of the web-app.  

Alternatives: 

The alternative idea for the CBA of this project, is to have it deployed in a web hosting service provider with much wider time of free hosting, and more benefits; but the Elite Four is yet to find a better alternative hosting service provider than that of AWS.  

Report and Plan Action:  

Once settled and approved of, with regards to the costing that will be rendered for the web-hosting services, the Elite Four with immediacy will upload the project to AWS for it to be launched and announced for the business accordingly. Reports and receipts will also be delivered to D7 Auto Service Center so it may be liquidated correspondingly.  
==4.7 Alternative Analysis==
The alternatives analysis was focused on providing an alternative solution for the webhosting of the project, and it is determined to have Microsoft Azure as a host alternative in case of the following:  

* The web-application is not suitable to be implemented in the AWS platform.  

* The web-application has difficulties, and many concerns when to be or when hosted via AWS.  

* The client and/or the stakeholders of the project decide to proceed with the alternative as decided.  

=5. PROJECT CHARTER=
==5.1 Executive Summary==
D7 has always done business in the automotive industry utilizing traditional logbooks and perform face-to-face transactions for over 16 years. Over these years, the business recently acquired an online platform, (Facebook) because of the pandemic, however, they struggled with its online presence, statistics, and the lack of functionality in their present system, including their reservation system. To solve these issues, the D7 Auto Service Center Web-App project was developed by the Elite Four of BSIT-MI 201. The project will offer improved technological solutions by introducing a new platform, giving the company greater flexibility to display their services and offers, comprehensive statistics, and a new reservation system. 
==5.2 Project Purpose/Justification==
===5.2.1 Business Need/Case===
The D7 Auto Service Center Web-App was developed to help D7 have an additional platform, which aims to have a more user-friendly interface, allowing clients to access the company's services and offers more easily. 
===5.2.2 Business Objectives===
The business objective for the subject is listed below: 

* Achieve a 50% increase in customer reach within the first three months of launching the web-app by utilizing an additional online platform. 

* Implement a centralized booking system for D7 to manage customer bookings and enable customers to request reservations 24/7. 

* Enhance the Auto Service Center's customer support by creating a platform where both customers and D7 specialists can communicate and interact. 
==5.3 Project Description==
The D7 Auto Service Center Web-App will allow the company to have more control of marketing their business and laying out their new platform. This project will utilize today’s technology in the form of a web application, integrated with features such as a reservation system, statistics, and of course, security. All the company’s current system will not be terminated, but will be improved, and merged with the new platform. 

===5.3.1 Project Objectives and Success Criteria===
* To increase customer reach by up to 50% within the first three months of deployment of the web-app by leveraging an additional online platform.    

* To develop a centralized system for D7 to manage the bookings of their customers and allow their customers to request reservations 24/7.   

* To extend the Auto Service Center’s support for their customers, as well as potential customers, through an environment where both customers and D7 specialists can converse.   

The success of this project, and its criteria will be determined under the completion of 	features being implemented, to be of completion, and fully working throughout the 	usage of the platform.  
===5.3.2 Requirements===
For this project to succeed, it must adhere to the set of conditions below:  

* The D7 Auto Service Center Web-App should be tested by the assigned team prior to deployment. 

* The project must be implemented without interfering with the usual business operations of the company. 

As the project advances, further specifications may be introduced as needed with the client authorization. 

Additional requirements may be added as necessary, with project sponsor approval, as the project moves forward. 

===5.3.3 Constraints===
The following constraints pertain to the D7 Auto Service Center Web-App: • Each piece of security gear and software must work with our present IT (Information Technology) platforms. 

* The budget and timetable for the procurement of all hardware and software must be followed.  

* An assigned team will handle all the grounds of development for the web-app 
===5.3.4 Assumptions===
The presumptions are as follows. All parties recognize that the following assumptions are 	true and accurate upon consent and signature at the end of this document.  

* The client, stakeholders, and the team fully support this initiative. 

* Prior to deployment, the company will be made aware of the project’s goal. 
===5.3.5 Preliminary Scope Statement===
The D7 Auto Service Center Web-App will include the design, creation, testing, and delivery of the new platform for the business. The project team will manage all hardware, software, and clients. All the development process will be carried out in a manner that is separate from regular business activities, and all testing will be done in the work area only. The project manager will oversee all project funding up to and including the funds allotted in this agreement. The project sponsor must consent before receiving any further funding. 
==5.4 Risks==
The risks that were identified for the D7 Auto Service Center were identified. Rest assured that the Elite Four team will determine workable solutions for the identified risks that the project poses: 

* Data breach through the database of the D7 web-app.  

* Bugs within the web-app that may cause system down-time and delays in the online reservation. 
==5.5 Project Deliverables==
The following deliverables must be met upon the successful completion of the D7 Auto Service Center Web-app. Any changes to these deliverables must be approved by the project sponsor: 

* Fully deployed web-app  

* Technical documentation for the solution  

* Recommendation list for future upgrades/enhancements for the solution 
==5.6 Summary Milestones Schedule==
The project Summary Milestone Schedule is presented below.  As requirements are more clearly defined this schedule may be modified.  Any changes will be communicated through project status meetings by the project manager. 
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center>
  <tr>
    <th>Project Milestone</th>
    <th>Target Date (mm/dd/yy)</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Project Start</td>
    <td>03/30/22</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Complete Solution Start</td>
    <td>2023</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Planning</td>
    <td>03/30/22</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>System Analysis & Design</td>
    <td>08/15/22</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Development</td>
    <td>11/26/22</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Deploy Solution & Maintenance</td>
    <td>2023</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Project Complete</td>
    <td>2023</td>
  </tr>
</table>
==5.7 Project Approval Requirements==
Success for the D7 Auto Service Center Web-app project will be achieved when a fully tested web-app, and all technical documentation, is fully deployed throughout the company within the time and cost constraints indicated in this charter. Additionally, this measure of success must include a recommendation list for future recommendations for upgrades/enhancements, as we approach this solution to also be secured to prevent/minimize future threats. Success will be determined by the Project Sponsor, Ms. Anne Sydney Simpelo, who will also authorize project completion. 
==5.8 Project Manager==
Andre O. Viernes is assigned Project Manager for the D7 Auto Service Center Project. Mr. Viernes’s responsibility is to manage all project tasks, scheduling, and communication regarding the D7 Auto Service Center project. His team consists of two developers, one product owner, and one product stakeholder from BSIT-MI 201. Mr. Viernes will coordinate all resource requirements through the subject course adviser, Prof. Manuel Sebastian Sanchez. 

=6. STAKEHOLDER STRATEGY MANAGEMENT PLAN=
==6.1 Introduction==
The Stakeholder Management Strategy for D7 Auto Service Center Web-App aims to identify, connect, and manage stakeholders successfully throughout the project's lifecycle so that clear and concise communication between the Elite Four and the client is possible. Effective stakeholder management will be essential for the project to be successful. It helps in gaining support and anticipating any conflicts or roadblocks. This strategy describes the primary goals and objectives for managing stakeholders throughout the course of the project's lifecycle. 
==6.2 Identify Stakeholders==
In identifying the stakeholders, the team will conduct a brainstorming session for the team to do this matter. The team’s brainstorming session will revolve around the idea of the question “Will the person or their organization be directly or indirectly affected by this project?”. This will help the team identify and determine the stakeholders for the D7 Auto Service Center Web-App Project. 
==6.3 Key Stakeholders==
The key stakeholders in this D7 Auto Service Center Web-app project are the Elite Four members and the project sponsor as they are required to have constant communication about the project for it to reach the desired state, functionalities, and completion. Consistent communication between the team and the project sponsor will be the key so that the desired features of the project that is to be implemented, and so shall it be discussed in detail and to its feasibility, and contingencies to any issues that may arise.  

=7. SCOPE MANAGEMENT PLAN=

==7.1 Introduction==

Throughout the course of the D7 Auto Service Center Web-App life cycle, the scope of the work will be defined, validated, regulated, and verified according to the guidelines in the scope management plan. The scope management plan’s goal is to guarantee that the project stays on course and fulfills its intended scope within the set timetable and budget.  

To create the scope management plan for the D7 Auto Service Center, the team will apply the five-step process of Project Scope Management, which includes collecting requirements, defining scope, creating a WBS (Work Breakdown Structure), verifying scope, and controlling scope.
1) Collect Requirements - The team will be defining and documenting the requirements necessary to achieve the project objectives. Both the project charter and stakeholder registration will serve as the foundation for the collection of requirements, which will also enable the team to define requirements, discuss details associated with achieving each requirement, and clarify them through interviews and follow-up discussions. To ensure that the project's execution phase can measure the requirements, they will be meticulously recorded. As part of the process of establishing the project scope, the documentation produced during this step will also be used as input. 

2) Define Scope and User Stories – Based on the requirements gathered in the collection process, the project scope is defined in detail. This process includes creating the scope statement, developing the project charter, and identifying the deliverables and requirements for each work deliverable.

3) Create a Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) - With the help of a WBS, the project scope is segmented into smaller, more manageable work packages. This is utilized to facilitate the project team's ability to effectively manage the project by breaking down the scope into comprehensible components. The resulting WBS visually represents the scope of the project and makes it more accessible to all team members.

4) Verify Scope - In this step, the project deliverables are examined and validated to make sure they adhere to the specifications outlined in the project scope statement. This step helps ensure that the project progresses according to schedule and that the project deliverables satisfy stakeholders' demands.

5) Control Scope - Throughout the project's lifecycle, this phase requires monitoring and regulating changes to the project's scope. This includes the team handling scope adjustments and any scope creep that might happen while the project is being carried out. 

==7.2 Scope Management Approach ==

The Scope Management Approach for the project is the following:

1. Authority and Responsibility for Scope Management: The Project Manager, Andre O. Viernes, has the primary authority and responsibility for scope management, while the Project Sponsor, Anne Sydney Simpelo, will provide support and guidance as needed to complete the project within its given scope and period throughout the team’s PBL (Project Based Learning) journey. 

2. Scope Definition: To accurately define the project scope of the project, the Elite Four team will use several documents to define this matter, and these are but might not be limited to: the Scope Statement, Statement of Work, Work Breakdown Structure, WBS Dictionary, and other relevant materials that will provide a detailed understanding of the project's scope, its objectives, requirements, and deliverables.

3. Scope Measurement and Verification: To clearly identify the project’s measurement and verification it will be measured through the following:

* Success Criteria – These criteria will be of use to determine whether the scope of work is within line, and it will be used to also measure the completion of the project within its scope. 
* Project Sponsor Approval – The pivotal approval of the project sponsor of the project will be the means of verification whether the project being developed was not any less nor exceeded its scope as intended within the premises of the project sponsor’s recommendations, approval, and restrictions.

4. Scope Change Process: The project manager, Andre O. Viernes, as well as all the other team members, have the authority to change the project's scope as much as necessary, and accordingly. However, before making any modifications by any means, the project manager together with the team will consider the possible impacts on the project's schedule, budget, and other factors and will request permission from the project sponsor, Ms. Anne Sydney Simpelo to push through any changes that will be made to the project.

5. Acceptance of Final Project Deliverable(s): The final project deliverable must be accepted, and the project scope must be approved by the project sponsor, Anne Sydney Simpelo. Andre O. Viernes, the project manager, will ensure that all project deliverables have been completed in line with the scope statement and that the Project Sponsor is fully notified of any changes made throughout the project. To guarantee that all project deliverables fulfill the acceptance criteria and receive final approval, the project manager will also collaborate closely with the project sponsor. 

==7.3 Roles and Responsibilities==

<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
	<tr>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">ROLE</p></td>
                <td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">DESCRIPTION</p></td>
		<td bgcolor="lightblue"><p style="text-align:center;">NAME</p></td>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Manager</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> In charge of overseeing the team and ensuring the project is planned, executed, and tasks are completed successfully & on time.   </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Andre O. Viernes </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Team Leader </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Guides and supports team members to successfully complete the project within the given constraints.    </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Dan Micheal C. Alfaras </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Web Developer </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Works closely with the team leader. In charge of designing, coding, testing, and implementing the project that the team is working on.   </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Alyssa L Garcia </p></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Web Developer Assistant </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;">Works closely with the team’s developer. Assists in designing, coding, testing, and implementing the project that the team is working on.   </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> John Zenon Coquia </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Project Coordinator / Documentation Manager </p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;">In charge of coordinating communication and documentation, organizing meetings, managing schedules, and ensuring that participants and roles are defined for the business case and throughout the project.</p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Francesca Erin Camino <br><br>Carl James Garcia </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Coordinator Assistant</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> Works closely with the team’s secretary, providing administrative support to the team and assisting in the coordination of team activities.    </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Darrell Royce Lazala </p></td>
	</tr>
<tr>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;">Project Sponsor / Stakeholder</p></td>
		<td><p width="517" style="text-align:center;"> In charge of providing the necessary resources for the project, defining the project's objectives, monitoring its advancement, and ensuring its success in achieving its objectives and delivering business value.   </p></td>
		<td><p style="text-align:center;"> Anne Sydney Simpelo </p></td>
	</tr>
	</tr>

</table>

==7.4 Scope Definition==
The project’s scope definition will be comprised of where the project is limited to, and what it is intended to do, followed by the approval of the project sponsor, and compliance within the requirements of the PBL (Project Based Learning) of the Elite Four. These were identified to be:

* Creation of the Web-App as an additional online presence for D7 Auto Service Center
* Creation of a booking system that will allow D7 Auto Service Center to manage bookings online made in the web-app and customer to request for bookings 24/7 (except when system downtime occurs.) 
* Implementation of helpful features that will allow D7 Auto Service Center to promote rapport with their customers

The scope is subject to change if either the team or the project sponsor made agreements regarding changes, as the project follows an Agile methodology, which may have or pose changes during the project’s development phase and/or its entire cycle.

==7.5 Project Scope Statement==
===7.5.1 Project Scope Description===
The D7 Auto Service Center Web-app project will be limited to creation of an additional platform for D7 that will extend their online presence, as well as creation of a booking system that allows D7 and their customers to manage and make reservations, respectively. 

===7.5.2 Product Acceptance Criteria===
The Product Acceptance Criteria for the client’s receivable project are as follows:  

1. All the needed documents are completed and approved by the project sponsor and subject adviser to proceed to the phases of the project. 

2. The development team has completed all the features and functionalities as per the product backlog and has ensured there are no bugs or problems (at least before deployment). 

3. The Web-App deployment was successfully completed by D7 Auto Service Center, indicating the application is ready to be used by end-users. 

4. During the User Acceptance Testing, users have provided positive feedback about the Web-App, indicating that the application meets their requirements and is user-friendly. 

5. The personnel of D7 Auto Service Center including that of the owner and the project sponsor is taught of how the web-app is and will be used for the business itself.

===7.5.3 Project Deliverables===
The deliverables of the project will be as follows:  

1. A fully working web-app for D7 Auto Service Center 

2. A fully working online booking system, a feature of the web-app. 

3. A manual that will provide instructions on how the web-app will be used.  

4. A documentation of the project’s product backlog, set of features, and agreed scope, its records, approvals, and other pertinent documents that is within the scope of the Elite Four’s documentation. 
===7.5.4 Project Exclusions===
The project exclusions for the project are as follows: 

1. No work will be done for support after the web-app's initial release and launch. 

2. The creation of content, including text, images, and videos, is not part of the project scope and is under D7’s control.  

3. Legal or regulatory compliance work, such as obtaining licenses, permits, or certifications, as well as payments for the deployment is beyond the project's scope. 

4. Bug fixes or troubleshooting beyond the web-app's initial release are not included in this project.

5. Optimization of the web-app's performance beyond the initial is not part of the project scope. 

6. Any work related to backup and restoration procedures is not part of the project scope. 
===7.5.5 Project Constraints===
The project constraints for the project are as follows:

1. Time Constraint: The project must be completed within the duration of the PBL course, and any other extension must be approved by the subject adviser. 

2. Budget Constraint: The project must be completed within the approved budget, which is allocated by the project sponsor.  

3. Manpower Constraint: The project team consists of 6 members, and no additional member can be added to the team without approval from the subject adviser. 

4. Resource Constraint: The project team must use resources efficiently and effectively to ensure that the project is completed within the time and budget constraints. 

5. Communication Constraint: The project team must communicate effectively and with the project sponsor for any changes to the project scope, schedule, budget, etc. 

6. Quality Constraint: The project deliverables must meet the agreed-upon quality standards, and any deviations from these standards must be approved by the subject adviser, project panelist(s), and project sponsor. 
===7.5.6 Project Assumptions===
The project assumptions for the project are as follows:  

1. The project team assumes that the project scope is well-defined, and any changes to the scope will be properly documented and approved by the project sponsor. 

2. The project team assumes that all required resources will be available when needed. 

3. The project team assumes that all stakeholders will be available and responsive to requests for information, feedback, etc. 

4. The project team assumes that the project schedule and timeline are realistic and achievable, and any delays will be communicated promptly. 

5. The project team assumes that all risks and issues will be identified, assessed, and managed throughout the project lifecycle. 

6. The project team assumes that all project deliverables will meet or exceed the quality standards agreed upon with the project sponsor and stakeholders. 

7. The project team assumes that all project documentation and communication will be accurate, complete, and timely. 

8. The project team assumes that the project budget is sufficient to cover all project costs. 

9. The project team assumes that the project will be completed within the agreed-upon period and will achieve its stated objectives. 


==7.6 Work Breakdown Structure==
The WBS is used to break down the project scope into smaller, manageable deliverables that are tracked throughout the project's life. While, the WBS Dictionary provides a detailed description of each deliverable, including its scope, timeline, cost, and quality requirements. 

==7.7 Scope Verification==
To ensure that all deliverables adhere to the original scope and specifications listed in the scope management plan, the scope verification process will be carried out. The project team will collaborate with the client and other key parties to guarantee that all needs have been met, and a precise checklist will be prepared for the acceptance requirements for each deliverable. Any deviations from the scope management plan will be noted and dealt with in consultation with the appropriate parties. The project team will receive formal sign-off from the client after confirming and accepting all deliverables before proceeding to the next stage.

==7.8 Scope Control==
Within the project’s scope control, is the planning of the project itself, the system analysis and design of the project, the preparation and development of the project, and the deployment of the web-app.

This project will be under control during the PBL or Project Based Learning of the Elite Four team. The Elite Four will not be in control of any actions that the project sponsor and D7 personnel will make upon release of the web-app to the webhosting service.

Any changes that will be made after deployment, may it be through the services, and the other features of the web-app, and cancellation of the webhosting, is not under the control of the Elite Four, but under the control of D7 Auto Service Center and their personnel.

=8. COST MANAGEMENT PLAN=

==8.1 Introduction==

==8.1 Cost Management Approach==

==8.2 Measuring Project Costs==

==8.3 Reporting Format==

==8.4 Cost Variance Response Process==

==8.5 Cost Change Control Process ==

==8.6 Project Budget==


=9. SCHEDULE MANAGEMENT PLAN=

==9.1 Introduction==
==9.2 Schedule Management Approach==
==9.3 Schedule Control==
==9.4 Schedule Changes and Thresholds==
==9.5 Scope Change==


=10. WORK BREAKDOWN STRUCTURE=

==10.1 Introduction==
The Work Breakdown Structure presented here represents all the work required to complete this project. It will be the initial version of the web-app and it shall go under version 1. This version will undergo the PBL (Project Based Learning) phases from planning to deployment. It is hereby outlined with the help of this project management tool that will aim to provide better division of work during each respective phase. The project has divided the work accordingly per sprint to have them assigned and accomplished by the Elite Four team.  
==10.2 Outline View==
1.	D7 Auto Service Center Web-app <br> 
1.1	Planning <br> 
1.1.1	Planning Phase Preparations <br> 
1.1.2	Sprint I Works <br> 
1.1.3	Sprint I Presentation <br> 
1.1.4	Sprint II Works <br> 
1.1.5	Planning Phase Presentation <br> 
1.2	System Analysis & Design <br> 
1.2.1	System Analysis & Design Phase Preparations <br> 
1.2.2	Sprint III Works <br> 
1.2.3	Sprint III Presentation  <br> 
1.2.4	Sprint IV Works  <br> 
1.2.5	System Analysis & Design Presentation (Sprint V) <br> 
1.3	Development  <br> 
1.3.1	Project Development Phase Preparation <br> 
1.3.2	Release Plan 1 <br> 
1.3.3	Sprint VI Works <br> 
1.3.4	Release Plan 2  <br> 
1.3.5	Sprint VII Presentation <br> 
1.3.6	Release Plan 3 <br> 
1.3.7	Sprint VIII Works <br> 
1.3.8	Development Phase Presentation <br> 
1.3	Deployment  <br> 
1.3.5	Deployment Phase Preparation <br> 
1.3.6	Sprint IX Works <br> 
1.3.7	Sprint X Works <br> 
1.3.8	Sprint IX and X Presentation <br>
1.3.9	Sprint XI Works <br> 
1.3.10	Deployment Phase Presentation (Sprint XII) <br>
1.4	Closeout <br>
1.4.5	Project Turn Over <br>
1.4.6	Documentations <br>
1.4.7	Project Demonstration

==10.3 Hierarchical Structure==
<table border="1" width="100%">
  <tr>
    <th>Level</th>
    <th>WBS Code</th>
    <th>Element Name</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1</td>
    <td>1</td>
    <td>D7 Auto Service Center Web-App</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.1</td>
    <td>Planning</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.1</td>
    <td>Planning Phase Preparations</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.2</td>
    <td>Sprint I Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.3</td>
    <td>Sprint I Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.4</td>
    <td>Sprint II Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.5</td>
    <td>Planning Phase Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.2</td>
    <td>System Analysis &amp; Design</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.1</td>
    <td>System Analysis &amp; Design Phase Preparations</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.2</td>
    <td>Sprint III Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.3</td>
    <td>Sprint III Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.4</td>
    <td>Sprint IV Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.5</td>
    <td>System Analysis &amp; Design Presentation (Sprint V)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.3</td>
    <td>Development</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.1</td>
    <td>Project Development Phase Preparation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.2</td>
    <td>Release Plan 1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.3</td>
    <td>Sprint VI Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.4</td>
    <td>Release Plan 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.5</td>
    <td>Sprint VII Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.6</td>
    <td>Release Plan 3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.7</td>
    <td>Sprint VIII Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.8</td>
    <td>Development Phase Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.4</td>
    <td>Deployment</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.1</td>
    <td>Deployment Phase Preparation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.2</td>
    <td>Sprint IX Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.3</td>
    <td>Sprint X Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.4</td>
    <td>Sprint IX and X Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.5</td>
    <td>Sprint XI Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.6</td>
    <td>Deployment Phase Presentation (Sprint XII)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.4</td>
    <td>Deployment</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.1</td>
    <td>Deployment Phase Preparation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.2</td>
    <td>Sprint IX Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.3</td>
    <td>Sprint X Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.4</td>
    <td>Sprint IX and X Presentation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.5</td>
    <td>Sprint XI Works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.4.6</td>
    <td>Deployment Phase Presentation (Sprint XII)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.5</td>
    <td>Close Out</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.5.1</td>
    <td>Project Turn Over</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.5.2</td>
    <td>Documentations</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.5.3</td>
    <td>Project Demonstration</td>
  </tr>
</table>
==10.4 Tabular View ==
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Level 1</th>
    <th>Level 2</th>
    <th>Level 3</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1 D7 Auto Service Center Web-App</td>
    <td>1.1     Planning</td>
    <td>1.1.1   Planning Phase Preparation <br>
        1.1.2	Sprint I Works <br>
        1.1.3	Sprint I Presentation <br>
        1.1.4	Sprint II Works <br>
        1.1.5	Planning Phase Presentation
    </td>
  </tr>
 <tr>
    <td></td>
     <td>1.2    System Analysis & Design</td>
     <td>1.2.1	System Analysis & Design Phase Preparations <br>
        1.2.2	Sprint III Works <br>
        1.2.3	Sprint III Presentation <br>
        1.2.4	Sprint IV Works <br>
        1.2.5	System Analysis & Design Phase Presentation (Sprint V)
    </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
    <td></td>
     <td>1.3    Development</td>
     <td>1.3.1	Project Development Phase Preparation <br>
         1.3.2	Release Plan 1 <br>
         1.3.3	Sprint VI Works <br>
         1.3.4	Release Plan 2 <br>
         1.3.5	Sprint VII Presentation <br> 
         1.3.6	Release Plan 3 <br>
         1.3.7	Sprint VIII Works  <br>
         1.3.8	Development Phase Presentation
    </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
    <td></td>
     <td>1.4    Deployment</td>
     <td>1.4.1     Deployment Phase Preparation <br>
         1.4.2     Sprint IX Works <br>
         1.4.3     Sprint X Works <br>
         1.4.4     Sprint XI Works <br>
         1.4.5     Sprint XII Creation and Presentation
    </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
    <td></td>
     <td>1.5    Close Out</td>
     <td>1.5.1     Project Turn Over <br>
         1.5.2     Documentations <br>
         1.5.3     Project Demonstration
    </td>
 </tr>
</table>
==10.5 Tree Structure View==
==10.6 WBS Dictionary==
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Level</th>
    <th>WBS Code</th>
    <th>Element Name</th>
    <th>Definition</th>
    <th>Estimated Duration</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1</td>
    <td>1</td>
    <td>D7 Auto Service Center Web-App</td>
    <td>A web-application as an additional platform for D7</td>
    <td>344 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.1</td>
    <td>Planning</td>
    <td>Comprised of planning essentials for the project</td>
    <td>83 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.1</td>
    <td>Planning Phase Preparations</td>
    <td>Project Adviser and Client search</td>
    <td>20 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.2</td>
    <td>Sprint I Works</td>
    <td>Brainstorming and signing</td>
    <td>12 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.3</td>
    <td>Sprint I Presentation</td>
    <td>Presentation of possible ideas</td>
    <td>9 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.4</td>
    <td>Sprint II Works</td>
    <td>Continuation of planning for chosen project</td>
    <td>23 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.1.5</td>
    <td>Planning Phase Presentation</td>
    <td>Finalization of plans and heads up for system analysis and design</td>
    <td>19 Days</td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.2</td>
    <td>System Analysis & Design</td>
    <td>Comprised of System Analysis and Designing of chosen project</td>
    <td>89 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.1</td>
    <td>System Analysis &amp; Design Phase Preparations</td>
    <td>Project Adviser and Consultant search</td>
    <td>10 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.2</td>
    <td>Sprint III Works</td>
    <td>Analysis of context and data flow of system</td>
    <td>29 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.3</td>
    <td>Sprint III Presentation</td>
    <td>Presentation of Works from Sprints</td>
    <td>10 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.4</td>
    <td>Sprint IV Works</td>
    <td>Documentation proper of project and more analysis of system</td>
    <td>30 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.2.5</td>
    <td>System Analysis &amp; Design Presentation (Sprint V)</td>
    <td>System structure, deployment, activities and deployment diagrams &amp; Finalization of System Analysis and Design</td>
    <td>10 Days</td>
  </tr>

<tr>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>1.3</td>
    <td>Development</td>
    <td>Comprised of Development of system features and web-app</td>
    <td>86 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.1</td>
    <td>Project Development Phase Preparation</td>
    <td>Project Adviser and Consultant search</td>
    <td>5 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.2</td>
    <td>Release Plan 1</td>
    <td>Initial creation of features for the web-app</td>
    <td>38 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.3</td>
    <td>Sprint VI Works</td>
    <td>Documentation and finalization of release plan 1</td>
    <td>30 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.4</td>
    <td>Release Plan 2</td>
    <td>Continuation of creation of project features</td>
    <td>33 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.5</td>
    <td>Sprint VII Presentation</td>
    <td>Presentation of development progress</td>
    <td>5 Days</td>
  </tr>
 <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.6</td>
    <td>Release Plan 3</td>
    <td>Continuation of final features creation</td>
    <td>13 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.7</td>
    <td>Sprint VII Works</td>
    <td>Finalization of documentation for development and features of web-app</td>
    <td>30 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>1.3.8</td>
    <td>Development Phase Presentation (Sprint VIII)</td>
    <td>Completion and presentation of development phase of web-app</td>
    <td>16 Days</td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>1.4</td>
      <td>Deployment</td>
      <td>Comprised of proper documentation, and project managing of web-app</td>
      <td>86 Days</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.4.1</td>
      <td>Deployment Phase Preparation</td>
      <td>Project Adviser and Consultant search</td>
      <td>5 Days</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.4.2</td>
      <td>Sprint IX Works</td>
      <td>Documentation of work division and work management</td>
      <td>20 Days</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.4.3</td>
      <td>Sprint X Works</td>
      <td>Continuation of documentation for web-app management and budgeting</td>
      <td>21 Days</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.4.4</td>
      <td>Sprint IX and X Presentation</td>
      <td>Continuation of documentation and deployment preparation </td>
      <td>5 Days</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.4.5</td>
      <td>Sprint XI Works</td>
      <td>Finalization of Documentations for PROJMAN and Client Meetings </td>
      <td>30 Days</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.4.6</td>
      <td>Deployment Phase Presentation (Sprint XII)</td>
      <td>Presentation for PROJMAN and Deployment of Web-App </td>
      <td>5 Days</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.5</td>
      <td>Close Out</td>
      <td>Comprised of project turnover and closeout to client  </td>
      <td>3 Days</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.5.1</td>
      <td>Project Turn Over</td>
      <td>Formal event of turnover of project to D7 Auto Service Center </td>
      <td>1 Day</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.5.2</td>
      <td>Documentations</td>
      <td>Release of copies of technical documentation to D7 Auto Service Center  </td>
      <td>1 Day</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1.5.3</td>
      <td>Project Demonstration</td>
      <td>Demonstration of project tutorial to project sponsor and D7 Auto Service Center Management</td>
      <td>1 Day</td>
    </tr>
</table> 
==10.7 Glossary of Terms==
<table border="1" width="70%" align="center">
  <tr>
    <th>Terms</th>
    <th>Definition</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Level of Effort</td>
    <td>Level of Effort (LOE) refers to the amount of work needed to accomplish a task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>WBS Code</td>
    <td>A unique identifier assigned to each element in a Work Breakdown Structure to indicate its position within the hierarchical structure of the WBS.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Work Package</td>
    <td>A Work Package is a unit of work or a deliverable that belongs to the lowest level of a specific branch in the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>WBS Component</td>
    <td>A WBS component is a part of the Work Breakdown Structure that can be located at any level, and it can either be a Work Package or a WBS Element since there are no limitations on what a WBS Component can be.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>WBS Element</td>
    <td>A WBS Element is a fundamental unit of the Work Breakdown Structure that has distinct qualities and can be situated at any tier of the structure. It may consist of tasks that require completion, in addition to other WBS Elements or Work Packages that are nested within it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>WBS Estimated Duration</td>
    <td>The Estimated Duration in WBS refers to the amount of time that is expected to be required for completing a particular task or activity.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

