# Group 03 Concave : Project Title : Inventory system and ordering system
Project Professor
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
   <tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Name </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Position </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Email </font></th>   
</tr>
     <tr bgcolor="#ffffff">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Jose Eugenio Quesada </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Subject Professor </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> jlquesada@apc.edu.ph </font></th>   
</tr>
<br>
</table>
Project Adviser
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
   <tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Name </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Position </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Email </font></th>   
</tr>
     <tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Roselle Wednesday Gardon </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Project Adviser </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> roselleg@apc.edu.ph </font></th>   
</tr>
</table>

<br>
Project Team
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
<tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Name </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Email </font></th>   
</tr>
     <tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Stefano Franco Binay</font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> ssjbinay@student.apc.edu.ph </font></th>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Ken Angelo Carangan </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> kgcarangan@student.apc.edu.ph </font></th>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Ryan Gabriel Candari </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> rscandari@student.apc.edu.ph </font></th>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Marcus Jorell Medina </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> mcmedina2@student.apc.edu.ph </font></th>
</tr>
<tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Jan Terence Francisco </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> jrfrancisco@student.apc.edu.ph </font></th>
</tr>
<br>
</table>
<h2>Executive Summary</h2>
<p align=" justify">
The Inventory system and Ordering system is a web-app and a mob-app base for Torrecamps Company. Initially, they had their attention to "pandemic essentials" such facemasks, alcohol, tissues, and gloves. The application will serve as their main medium for processing the customer’s order.

The mobile application for the customer will be limited only to android OS. For customers that walk-in, the admin will process their order using the ordering system that the group develops. Their mode of payment will be limited also to cash on delivery or COD in short.

Currently the client is doing their transactions manually, getting the orders manually, relying on Microsoft excel for its inventory, and no database of their customer and supplier makes it to have a human error of 30% out of 100% when they produce handwritten receipts.

Integrating their current transaction process into the digitalized set up by developing the system for inventory and ordering system that would make it more efficient and transparent way for the customer’s end.
 </p>
<h4>1.1 Issue</h4>
<p align=" justify">
The client “Torrecamps Marketing” experienced a rise in sales during the pandemic, and because of that needed to grow their inventory. The problem with this is currently the client mainly uses manual methods for their inventory and for their ordering processes, it leads to slower processes and leads to human error.</p>
<h4>1.2 Anticipated Outcomes</h4>
<p align=" justify">
The group expects that the implementation of the project would help the company run smoother, with automated inventory and an ordering system that will take and tally orders for them. This will make the company run smoother because this will free up manpower for them to allocate to more important tasks.</p>
<h4>1.3 Recommendation</h4>
<p align=" justify">
To address these challenges, Torrecamps should invest in an Inventory System and Ordering System that can automate inventory management and ordering processes, streamline workflows, and reduce errors. The new system should be scalable, user-friendly, and provide real-time inventory information to customers.</p>
<h4>1.4 Justification</h4>
<p align=" justify">
An Inventory System and Ordering System for Torrecamps Company is necessary to automate inventory management, streamline workflows, enhance customer satisfaction, reduce costs, and improve scalability. The new system will provide Torrecamps with a competitive edge, enabling the company to grow its business and enhance its brand reputation in the long run.</p>

<h2>Business Case Analysis Team</h2>
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
   <tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Name </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Position </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Description </font></th>   
</tr>
<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Stefano Franco Binay </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Project Manager </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> <p align=" justify">The project manager is responsible for leading and managing the project team to achieve the project objectives within the constraints of time, budget, and scope. </font></th></tr>

<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Jan Terence Francisco </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Developer/IT Head </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> <p align=" justify">The responsibility of a developer is to write, test, and maintain code that meets the project's requirements and is of high quality.</font></th>

<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Marcus Medina </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Documentation </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> <p align=" justify">Oversee the project`s process improvement.</font></th></tr>
<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Ryan Gabriele Candari </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Documentation </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> <p align=" justify">Oversee the project`s process improvement.</font></th></tr>
<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Mr. Jabb Torrecampo & Ms. Maria Theresa Reyes  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Project Sponsor </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> <p align=" justify">Responsible for providing input, feedback, and making critical decisions related to the project to ensure its success.</font></th>
</tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Ken Angelo Carangan </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Documentation </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> <p align=" justify">Oversee the project`s process improvement</font></th>
<br>
</table>
<h1>Problem Definition</h1>
<h4>3.1 Problem Statement</h4>
<p align=" justify">
Since 2017, Torrecamps Marketing has been in business and has been selling essentials. They began selling "Pandemic Essentials" including alcohol and tissues during the pandemic. As a result, they gained more customers and stock, began working with other businesses, and expanded their selection of products. Their system remained static while their inventory and client base grew, making it challenging for them to keep up with the increase in orders that needed to be handled.</p>
<h4>3.2 Organizational Impact</h4>
<p align=" justify">
Having this project developed by the group can have a lot of impact if it's approved. The first one is Torrecamps Marketing. The impact this system will have on Torrecamps Marketing will be that the clients can serve customers more quickly and effectively when it comes to producing printable and digital receipts for every transaction. Next is the impact of this system on the customers. In the customers’ side, the proposed system will now produce printed receipts. This is crucial since printed receipts cannot be changed. </p>
<h4>3.3 Technology Migration</h4>
<p align=" justify">
Torrecamps Marketing currently uses desktop computers, laptops and printers for their main hardware. They also use Facebook messenger, Microsoft Excel and a 25 MBPS Converge internet provider as their main network. These tools provide a lot of things going for the client. Like facebook they post pictures with prices to advertise them. Next is customers can order their desired items using facebook messenger. And lastly there will be Microsoft Excel. Excel provides the client with a lot of things like listing customer information and listing orders. Next is printing receipts and fixing orders. Lastly there is the inventory and total sales per day. 

Now that the group is tasked to create a system that helps the clients. The proposed solution of the team that will be implemented is an inventory and an ordering system. The website will be able to present the items that the client is selling. Then every order of the customer will be recorded into the inventory and the ordering system.  The team will use Bootstrap studio, Visual Studio Code and XAMPP to develop the project. The website will intergrate CAMSS. The system will have a cloud-based database server. Next is tye project will have an inventory and ordering system where they can create, edit, or delete all items and information that are needed to change on the website. 3rd will be that the team plans to integrate the system in both desktop and mobile devices. The Facebook part will not be removed since it is used for their advertisement. Lastly the team will continue monitoring the website and install anti-malware software on the computer to ensure their security.  
</p>
<br>
<h1>Project Overview</h1>
<p align=" justify">
The Inventory System and Ordering System project is a software solution designed for Torrecamps Company to efficiently manage their inventory and ordering processes. The project will be customized to meet Torrecamps' specific business requirements and will be developed to ensure seamless integration with their existing business processes. </p>
<h4>4.1 Goals and Objectives</h4>
<p align=" justify">
The number of clients and the volume of stock increase together with the company's growth. Torrecamps Marketing has assigned the group the duty of developing an inventory system and an ordering system for them since keeping up with the quantity of additional work that comes with growing is not a simple task. This will significantly increase the company's ability to automate its transactional and inventory processes.</p>
<h4>4.2 Project Performance</h4>
<p align=" justify">
To ensure that the project meets Torrecamps' expectations, the following performance criteria will be used: <br>
•	The system should be able to track inventory levels accurately and provide real-time updates<br> 
•	The system should generate inventory reports that are easy to understand and interpret <br>
•	The system should have a clean and intuitive interface that is easy to navigate <br>
•	The system should allow customers to place orders seamlessly and receive real-time inventory information <br>
•	The system should be able to handle a large volume of orders and transactions </p>
<h4>4.3 Project Assumption</h4>
<p align=" justify">
The following assumptions will be considered during the project's development: <br>
•	Torrecamps has an existing IT infrastructure that can support the new system  <br>
•	Torrecamps' staff members are adequately trained to use the new system  <br>
•	The project team has access to all the necessary data and resources required to develop the system</p>
<h4>4.4 Project Constraints</h4>
<p align=" justify">
The following constraints will be considered during the project's development: <br>
•	The project will be constrained by Torrecamps' budget and timeline <br>
•	The project will be developed to work within Torrecamps' existing business processes and constraints</p>
<h4>4.5 Major Project Milestones</h4>
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
   <tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Phase </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Date </font></th>   
</tr>
     <tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Project Start </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> 08/15/2022 </font></th> 
<tr>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Planning </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> 08/15/2022 - 11/09/2022 </font></th> 
</tr>  
<tr>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Analysis and Design </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> 11/26/2022 - 03/8/2023 </font></th> 
</tr>  
<tr>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Coding </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> 03/23/2023 - Present </font></th> 
</tr> 
<tr>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Beta Testing </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> 2023 </font></th> 
</tr> 
<tr>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Project Complete </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> 2023 </font></th> 
</tr> 
</tr>
<br>
</table>
<h1>Strategic Alignment</h1>
<p align=" justify">
Torrecamps Marketing is currently looking to grow their business in terms of their inventory to keep up with their already growing customer base. The system that they currently have in place has multiple flaws that leads to them needing time to compensate and cover for their mistakes, this is where the group’s project comes in as it automates their transactional tasks and inventory tasks giving them more time and manpower to focus on other tasks that they need to be focusing on in order to improve their company.</p>
<h1>Cost Benefit Analysis</h1>
<p align=" justify">
The only expense in the project would be the price for the URL which is usually around Php 2-5k. With this expense a system that could automate the inventory and ordering processes will be given to the client. The system would free up the staff so that they can focus on other aspects of their business, and this will then lead to better sales for the company. While currently they are not paying the 2-5k mentioned before they are losing on possible sales and business by allotting their time to fixing the problems that their current system brings them. </p>
<h1>Alternative Analysis</h1>
<p align=" justify">
After the group communicated with the client, they found out that the client was planning on doing nothing to solve their current problems and that the only reason they wanted an upgrade was because the group went up to them. If they would have chosen not to do anything their current problems would be plaguing them deep into their future as a company.</p>
<h1>Approvals</h1>
<p align=" justify">
The completion of the Inventory System and Ordering System project for Torrecamps Company will be authorized solely by the project client, Torrecamps Company. The project will only be considered complete when Torrecamps Company approves the system's functionality and determines that it meets the project goals and objectives. Any changes or modifications to the project scope or timeline must also be approved by Torrecamps Company.</p>
<h1>Scope Management Plan</h1>
<h4>Introduction </h4>
1. Collect Requirements – The project team will use a number of methods to collect, and the system's requirements should be documented via user interviews with the client, adviser and consultant meetings and subject professor meetings.  <br> 
2. User Stories – The project team will create user stories to describe the functionality of the system from the perspective of the end user. These stories will be prioritized based on business value and will be used to guide the development process. <br>
3. Scope Statement – The scope statement will be developed using the user stories created and requirements as input. It will provide a high-level overview of the project scope, including the deliverables, and constraints. <br>
4. Scope Baseline - The user stories and scope statement will be added to a project management plan to create the scope baseline. It will be frequently updated as the project develops to allow for scope changes. <br><br>

<h4>Scope Documentation</h4>
The scope of I.O System will be documented by the methods listed here: <br>
1.<strong>Requirements documentation:</strong> The system requirements will be documented that outlines the system’s functional and non-functional requirements. <br>
2.<strong>Project management plan:</strong> This will include information about the scope of the project, also includes scope statement and the scope baseline. Other relevant information about the scope of the project is also part of this project management plan.  <br>
3.<strong>Change log:</strong> This will be added and maintained to track all changes to the scope of the project, this includes the description of the change, project impact and required approvals.  

<h4>Scope Control</h4> 
The scope of this project is controlled throughout these following activities: <br>
1.<strong>Scope Verification:</strong> The agile testing techniques will be the project team’s desired method to verify that the deliverables of the project will meet the requirements and align with the scope statement.  <br>
2.<strong>Scope change control:</strong> Any changes to the scope of the project will be directed through a formal change control process, which will include an assessment of the impact on the project schedule, budget, and quality. <br>
3.<strong>Scope change review:</strong>  This will be held for each change request to ensure that the change is necessary, feasible, and aligned with the project objectives. 

<h4>Scope Management Approach</h4>
<p align="justify">
Authority and responsibility for the scope management will be in the hands of the project manager of the group concave which is Stefano Franco Binay. He will be the one setting up appointments with the project adviser, which is Miss Gardon and also the clients to manage the project’s scope. 

The scope statement, Work Breakdown Structure and the Statement of work will be the ones defining the scope of the project. With these documents, it will explain the tasks and requirements and then it will be reviewed by the project sponsor and other stakeholders before the work begins. 

The scope is measured using quality checklists, measurements of work performance and regular monitoring of project’s advancement in relation to the original scope. Once there are differences from the scope baseline, it will be addressed to the scope change process. 

The scope change process for Concave’s I.O System will require the project manager to send a request for scope change that needs to be approved by Ms. Roselle Gardon and it will be approved lastly by the project sponsor. Any changes brought to it will be checked to ensure that it is aligned by the project objectives. 

The completion of the Inventory System and Ordering System project for Torrecamps Company will be authorized solely by the project client, Torrecamps Company. The project will only be considered complete when Torrecamps Company approves the system's functionality and determines that it meets the project goals and objectives. Any changes or modifications to the project scope or timeline must also be approved by Torrecamps Company.  </p>

<h4>Scope Definition </h4>
<p align="justify">
The scope of the project includes the development of the system which is named I.O System. The proposed system will implement an inventory and ordering system. The system includes a website that will show the selling items of Torrecamps Marketing. This project will help in automating their transaction process and allows the user to order within the system, which is far more efficient.  </p>

<h4>Project Scope Statement</h4>
<p align="justify">
<strong>Product Scope Description </strong>– The team is tasked with developing an inventory system and ordering system for their client, which is Torrecamps Marketing. This will automate the transaction and allows the users to order inside the system which brings more efficiency and removes the inconvenience of manually handling their transactions and inventory stuff. The I.O System is an inventory and ordering system. The website will be presenting the items that  Torrecamps Marketing is selling. Every order will be recorded into the inventory and ordering system.  </p>

<h1>Stakeholder Management Strategy</h1>
<h4>INTRODUCTION</h4>
<p align="justify">
To address these challenges, a stakeholder management strategy has been developed to identify and analyze stakeholder needs, develop a communication plan, address stakeholder concerns, involve stakeholders in decision making, and monitor stakeholder engagement. The stakeholder management strategy will ensure that the right message is delivered to the right audience at the right time and that stakeholder needs are met throughout the project's lifecycle. 

This document outlines the stakeholder management strategy for the Inventory System and Ordering System project for Torrecamps Company. The strategy aims to maintain stakeholder engagement and involvement throughout the project's lifecycle to ensure that the project meets its goals and objectives. By doing so, we believe that the project will achieve its intended outcomes and bring about significant benefits for Torrecamps Company.
</p>

<h4>IDENTIFY STAKEHOLDERS</h4>
<p align="justify">
To identify the stakeholders, the group thought of examining the hierarchy within the company, Torrecamps Marketing, and identifying the people with the most influence and the people that the group thinks would provide the best insight into the project. The group thought this would be an effective way to identify the stakeholders because the more influential people would be leading the company, thus setting the path that the company would go through to progress. The people with the best insight are the people that understand the inner workings of the company and would be able to guide the group on what functions/features of the project would be needed for the project to be as useful as possible to the company and their workers.</p>

<h4>KEY STAKEHOLDERS</h4>
<p align="justify">
CEO -<strong> Mr. Jabb Torrecampo</strong> holds a key role in the company's decision-making processes and overall strategic direction. He is likely to have a significant interest in the success of the Inventory System and Ordering System project, as it will impact on the company's operations and bottom line. Additionally, as the CEO, he is responsible for ensuring that the company's stakeholders are informed and satisfied with the project's outcomes.<br>

COO - <strong>Ms. Maria Theresa Reyes</strong> is responsible for the company's day-to-day operations and ensuring that the company runs efficiently and effectively. She may have a more hands-on interest in the Inventory System and Ordering System project, as it may impact the company's operations in a direct way. As such, she may play a critical role in ensuring that the project is implemented effectively and in a way that aligns with the company's goals and objectives.
</p>

<h4>Stakeholder Analysis</h4>
<p align="justify">
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
   <tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Name </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Department/Company </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Position </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Adviser  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Objectives, requirements, Interest  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Influence   </font></th>  
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Project Contribution   </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Resistance  </font></th>     
</tr>
     <tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Jabb Torrecampo  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Torrecamps Marketing  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> CEO  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> COO  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> <p align="justify">Improve transactional processes, 
improve inventory management, provide a better experience for the customers, 
and provide the company workers with better software for smoother transactions  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> High  </font></th>  
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> <p align="justify">Provided insight on the team on how the 
company currently works to provide inspiration for the group to come up with features of their own </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Limited technological knowledge, cost concern, production time concerns  </font></th>   
</tr>
<tr>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Maria Theresa Reyes  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Torrecamps Marketing  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> COO  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> CEO  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> <p align="justify">Improve transactional processes, 
improve inventory management, provide a better experience for the customers, 
and provide the company workers with better software for smoother transactions  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> High  </font></th>  
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"><p align="justify"> Contacted the team and provided insight 
on what features the program is required to have for the best outcome for the company  </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> Limited technological knowledge, 
cost concern, production time concerns  </font></th>   
</tr>
</table>
<h1>SCHEDULE MANAGEMENT PLAN</h1>
<p align=" justify">
<h5>Introduction</h5>
<p align=" justify">
A schedule management plan is important in the pathing of the project because it guides the team on when a part of the project should be done. The schedule management plan will include what date a certain part of the project should be done and will also include suggestions on what percent of each part should be finished at a certain time. This will help discipline the members and put them in the proper mindset, as well as to help each member not feel burnt out. This schedule management plan will be vital for the project, while it does not provide outlines or guides it provides something just as important, a timeline in which they can use as a guide in prioritizing their projects needs and properly do all tasks without feeling overwhelmed
</p>
<h5>SCHEDULE MANAGEMENT APPROACH</h5>
<p align=" justify">
The project schedule will be based on the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) that is constructed as part of the Scope Management Plan. The WBS will help the group in, as stated in the name breakdown the work for each part of the project, this will help in the prioritization of each part of the project. Using the WBS would simplify the process of creating the schedule management plan by helping the project manager and whoever is assigned to the scheduling to identify the task durations associated with each task. 
<h5>SCHEDULE CONTROL</h5>
<p align=" justify">
As stated in the previous part the WBS will be used to structure the project and a weekly review with the adviser would be held to update the schedule and so that any needed adjustments will be implemented easier. The main people that influence the schedule will be the project manager and the scheduler and they will control the schedule the most, they are the people who will be relied on in discerning what tasks to push later in the schedule and which tasks should follow the set schedule and be completed in the given deadline. 
<h5>SCHEDULE CHANGES AND THRESHOLDS</h5>
<p align=" justify">
Any changes in the schedule must be done by the project manager and scheduler and must be approved by the project adviser and the acceptable threshold of 10% will be implemented. These are the rules that the group needs to follow to change anything in the schedule, these rules will help the group be more disciplined and follow the schedule as it is difficult to change, and the threshold is put to discourage “Procrastination” as the 10% threshold does not give too much time unless the member assigned is almost done with their part. Any scheduling changes must have proper reasoning as just being “lazy” or as stated before the habit of  “procrastinating” will not be accepted. 
<h5>SCOPE CHANGE</h5>
<p align=" justify">
In situations where the scope changes most if not all parts of the project needs to be revised, and this will lead to the project needing many minor and major revisions. The group decided that major revisions will be prioritized as those will take up more time compared to the minor revisions. This decision was made because the group thought that putting the minor revisions first will hurt the group time wise as the time that will be allotted for the major revisions will be limited by the minor revisions. It was also decided that the group would prioritize revisions rather than the unfinished documents/tasks for the project because there is a chance that the previous documents/tasks have an effect or contribute to the future documents/tasks.
<h1>COST MANAGEMENT PLAN</h1>
<p align=" justify">
<h5>Introduction</h5>
<p align=" justify">
<h5>COST MANAGEMENT APPROACH</h5>
<p align="justify">
A cost management approach for an inventory and ordering system would involve a set of practices and procedures designed to optimize inventory levels, reduce costs associated with ordering, and improve overall efficiency. Here are some key steps you would take to develop a cost management approach for an inventory and ordering system: <br> <br> 
1.Analyze inventory levels: Start by reviewing your current inventory levels and identifying any excess or obsolete inventory. This will help you determine the optimal inventory levels for your business. <br> <br>
2.Forecast demand: Use historical sales data and market trends to forecast demand for your products. This will help you order the right amount of inventory at the right time, avoiding stockouts and excess inventory. <br> <br>
3.Set reorder points: Establish reorder points for each product based on demand forecasts and lead times. This will help you know when to reorder to avoid stockouts and minimize the need for rush orders. <br> <br>
4.Evaluate suppliers: Review your supplier relationships and negotiate better pricing and terms where possible. Consider consolidating orders with fewer suppliers to reduce administrative costs. <br> <br>
5.Implement inventory tracking: Implement an inventory tracking system to monitor inventory levels and ensure accuracy. This will help you identify potential issues such as overstocking or stockouts. <br> <br>
6.Use technology: Consider implementing technology such as automated ordering systems <br> <br>
7.Continuously monitor and adjust: Continuously monitor your inventory and ordering processes and make adjustments as needed to improve efficiency and reduce costs. <br> <br>
By following these steps, we can develop a cost management approach for our inventory and ordering system that helps us optimize inventory levels, reduce costs, and improve efficiency. <br> <br>
<h5>MEASURING PROJECT COSTS</h5>
<p align="justify">
To measure the project cost for an inventory and ordering system, you should consider the following cost categories: <br> <br> 
•Development Costs: This includes the cost of software development, database design, hardware procurement, and any other expenses related to building the inventory and ordering system. <br> <br>
•Implementation Costs: This includes the cost of installing the inventory and ordering system, configuring it, and integrating it with other systems. <br> <br>
•Training Costs: This includes the cost of training employees on how to use the inventory and ordering system, including any training materials or manuals. <br> <br>
•Maintenance Costs: This includes the cost of ongoing system maintenance, including software updates, hardware upgrades, and any necessary repairs. <br> <br>
•Operating Costs: This includes the cost of running the inventory and ordering system, including any software licenses, hosting fees, and other operating expenses. <br> <br> 
To measure the project cost, you should estimate the cost for each of these categories and add them together. You can also break down the costs into more detailed subcategories, such as labor costs, equipment costs, and software costs, to get a more accurate estimate. 
It's also important to note that the project cost is not a one-time expense; there will be ongoing expenses associated with the inventory and ordering system, including maintenance and operating costs. Therefore, it's essential to factor in these ongoing costs when determining the project's total cost.
By accurately measuring the project cost, you can ensure that the project is financially feasible and that the benefits of the inventory and ordering system outweigh the costs.
<h5>REPORTING FORMAT</h5>
<p align="justify">
When designing a reporting format for an inventory and ordering system, it's important to consider the needs of different stakeholders, including management, operations, and finance teams. Here are some key elements to include in a reporting format for an inventory and ordering system: <br> <br> 
1.Inventory Levels: Include data on current inventory levels, including stock on hand, stock in transit, and reorder levels. This data can help the operations team manage inventory and avoid stockouts. <br> <br>
2.Inventory Turnover: Include data on inventory turnover, which is the number of times inventory is sold and replaced within a period. This metric can help the finance team assess inventory efficiency and profitability. <br> <br>
3.Sales Data: Include data on sales by product, location, and channel. This data can help the management team understand which products are selling well and which ones need to be reordered or discontinued. <br> <br>
4.Order Data: Include data on order volume, order frequency, and order lead time. This data can help the operations team optimize the ordering process and reduce costs. <br> <br>
5.Cost Data: Include data on the cost of goods sold, including the cost of inventory, transportation, and any other associated costs. This data can help the finance team assess profitability and make informed pricing decisions. <br> <br>
6.Forecast Data: Include data on forecasted demand, including historical sales data and market trends. This data can help the operations team plan inventory levels and optimize the ordering process. <br> <br>
7.Alert Data: Include any alerts related to inventory or ordering issues, such as stockouts, low inventory levels, or delayed orders. This data can help the operations team address issues quickly and avoid disruptions to operations. <br> <br>
By including these key elements in the reporting format for an inventory and ordering system, stakeholders can gain insights into inventory levels, sales data, order data, and cost data. This information can help teams make informed decisions, optimize operations, and improve overall efficiency.
<h5>COST VARIANCE RESPONSE PROCESS</h5>
<p align="justify">
Here is a detailed cost variance response process for an inventory and ordering system: <br><br>
•Identify the variance: Compare the actual costs incurred with the budgeted costs to identify the variance.<br> <br>
•Analyze the cause: Investigate the root cause of the variance, including any deviations from the plan, changes in demand, supplier issues, or unexpected costs. <br><br>
•Assess the impact: Determine the impact of the variance on the project's overall budget, timeline, and quality.<br><br>
•Develop a plan: Develop a plan to address the cost variance. The plan may involve making changes to the inventory and ordering system, negotiating with suppliers, or adjusting the budget. <br><br>
•Evaluate the plan: Evaluate the plan for its effectiveness, feasibility, and impact on the project. Consider the risks, costs, and benefits of implementing the plan. <br><br>
•Implement the plan: Implement the plan as quickly and efficiently as possible. This may involve making changes to the inventory and ordering system, communicating with suppliers, or making other adjustments. <br><br>
•Monitor and report: Monitor the results of the plan and report on progress. Track key metrics, such as inventory levels, order volume, and cost savings, and report regularly to stakeholders. <br><br>
•Re-evaluate and adjust: If the cost variance persists, re-evaluate the plan and make further adjustments. Consider alternative approaches and seek input from stakeholders. <br><br>
By following this cost variance response process, you can effectively manage cost variance for an inventory and ordering system and ensure that the project stays on track financially.
<h5>COST CHANGE CONTROL PROCESS</h5>
<p align="justify">
A cost change control process is necessary to manage changes to the cost baseline of a project, including changes to the inventory and ordering system. Here's a process for managing cost changes in an inventory and ordering system: <br> <br> 
1.Identify the change: The first step is to identify the proposed change to the inventory and ordering system. This may include changes to the system itself, changes in demand, or changes in supplier costs. <br> <br>
2.Assess the impact: Determine the impact of the proposed change on the project's budget, schedule, and quality. Consider the risks, benefits, and costs associated with the proposed change. <br> <br>
3.Evaluate alternatives: Consider alternative approaches to the proposed change, such as using a different supplier or changing the inventory management strategy. Evaluate each alternative for its feasibility, effectiveness, and impact on the project. <br> <br>
4.Develop a plan: Based on the assessment and evaluation, develop a plan for managing the proposed change. This may involve adjusting the budget, renegotiating contracts, or changing the project schedule. <br> <br>
5.Obtain approvals: Obtain approvals from key stakeholders, including the project sponsor, project manager, and any other stakeholders impacted by the change. Document the approvals in the project management plan. <br> <br>
6.Implement the change: Once the change is approved, implement it as quickly and efficiently as possible. Communicate the change to all stakeholders and update the project management plan accordingly. <br> <br>
7.Monitor and report: Monitor the results of the change and report on progress. Track key metrics, such as inventory levels, order volume, and cost savings, and report regularly to stakeholders. <br> <br>
8.Re-evaluate and adjust: If the change does not have the intended impact, re-evaluate the plan and make further adjustments. Consider alternative approaches and seek input from stakeholders. <br> <br>
By following this cost change control process, you can effectively manage changes to the cost baseline of an inventory and ordering system and ensure that the project stays on track financially. <br> <br>
<h5>PROJECT BUDGET</h5>
<p align="justify">
The budget for this project is detailed below.  Costs for this project are presented in various categories...
<table width = "60%" align = "center">
   <tr bgcolor="#184376">
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> PRODUCT</font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = "#E1E5ED"> PRICE</font></th>   

     <tr bgcolor="#ffffff" >
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Manpower Cost </font></th>
     <th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> ₱238,788.75 </font></th>

<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Maintenance Cost </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> ₱15,000.00 </font></th></tr>
<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Contingency Cost </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> ₱114,204.94 </font></th></tr>
</tr>

<tr>
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> Total Project Budget </font></th>   
<th text-align = "left" width="220" height = "40"><font color = " #000000"> ₱367,993.69 </font></th></tr>
</tr>
<br>
</table>
<h1>Work Breakdown Structure</h1>
<p align=" justify">
Work breakdown structure is a tool in project management to divide larges projects to get things done faster and efficiently. The WBS structure gives a clear knowledge of the project scope, deliverables, and activities at each level, representing an increasingly precise description of the project work. The work breakdown structure (WBS) acts as a roadmap for project managers to plan, execute, and monitor project activities, and it helps to guarantee that all project requirements are satisfied within the time and budget constraints.

The Work Breakdown Structure presented here represents all the work required to complete this project.</p>

OUTLINE VIEW
The outline view presents an easy to view and understand layout for the Ordering system and Inventory system.  <br> <br>

1.	Ordering System and Inventory System<br>
1.1	Project Planning<br>
1.1.1	Define project scope and objectives <br>
1.1.2	Identify project stakeholders <br>
1.1.3	Develop project schedule <br>
1.1.4	Define project budget <br>
1.1.5	Establish project team roles and responsibilities<br>
1.2	Requirements Gathering <br>
1.2.1	Define system requirements<br>
1.2.2	Identify inventory system requirements<br>
1.2.3	Identify ordering system requirements<br>
1.2.4	Define user requirements<br>
1.2.5	Conduct stakeholder interviews<br>
1.3	System Design<br>
1.3.1	Design ordering system<br> 
1.3.2	Design inventory system<br>
1.3.3	Define user interface design<br>
1.3.4	Determine software and hardware requirements<br>
1.3.5	Develop system architecture<br>
1.4	System Development<br>
1.4.1	Code ordering system<br>
1.4.2	Code inventory system<br>
1.4.3	Integrate system components<br>
1.4.4	Develop test plans<br>
1.4.5	Conduct testing<br>
1.5	System Implementation<br>
1.5.1	Deploy system in test environment<br>
1.5.2	Train system users<br>
1.5.3	Resolve any issues found during testing<br>
1.5.4	Deploy system in production environment<br>
1.5.5	Perform system maintenance and support<br>
1.6	Project Management<br>
1.6.1	Monitor and control project progress<br>
1.6.2	Manage project risk and issues<br>
1.6.3	Communicate project status to stakeholders<br>
1.6.4	Ensure project deliverables meet quality standards<br>
1.6.5	Obtain project acceptance from stakeholders

<h1>CHANGE MANAGEMENT PLAN</h1>
<h5>REPORTING FORMAT</h5>
<p align=" justify">
The process and procedures for managing changes throughout the course of a project's duration are described in the change management plan. It seeks to decrease interruptions, preserve project stability, and guarantee successful change implementation. This plan will include instructions on how adjustments are found, considered, accepted, and put into action to effectively complete the project's goals.   
</p>
<h5>CHANGE MANAGEMENT APPROACH</h5>
<p align=" justify">
The goal of CCB’s change management strategy is to make sure that proposed changes are thoroughly assessed, managed, and controlled to reduce risks, keep projects aligned, and allow effective project delivery. It encourages openness, responsibility, and well-informed decision-making within the context of change control. <br> <br>

The Change Management Process, which will be covered in more detail in this plan, should not be confused with the Change Management Approach. 
The Change Management approach consists of three areas: <br>
•	Ensure changes are within scope and beneficial to the project <br>
•	Determine how the change will be implemented <br>
•	Manage the change as it is implemented <br>
</p>

<h5>DEFINITIONS OF CHANGE</h5>
<p align=" justify">
Change could appear because of new requirements, adapting to business demands, new dangers, or development possibilities. According to their impact, viability, hazards, and alignment with project goals, proposed modifications must be reviewed, evaluated, and approved or rejected by the CCB. Types of changes include: <br> 
•	Ensure changes are within scope and beneficial to the project <br>
•	Determine how the change will be implemented <br>
•	Manage the change as it is implemented <br> <br>
Any accepted changes must be shared with the project stakeholders, according to the project manager. The project manager must also make sure that if changes are authorized, they are recorded in the project documentation as needed. The project team and other stakeholders must then be informed of these document revisions. <br>
</p>

<h5>CHANGE CONTROL BOARD</h5>
<p align=" justify">
The Change Control Board is responsible for reviewing and approving proposed changes. The CCB consists of key stakeholders and decision-makers who assess the impact, risks, and benefits of proposed changes. <br> 

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>CCB Role</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Maria Theresa Reyes</td>
    <td>Project Sponsor</td>
    <td>CCB Chair</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Stefano Franco Binay</td>
    <td>Project Manager</td>
    <td>CCB Member</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ken Angelo Carangan</td>
    <td>Product Owner</td>
    <td>CCB Co-Chair</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Marcus Medina</td>
    <td>Scrum Master/QA</td>
    <td>CCB Member</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Jan Terence Francisco</td>
    <td>Developer</td>
    <td>CCB Member</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ryan Gabriel Candari</td>
    <td>Project Documentation Manager</td>
    <td>CCB Member</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<h5>ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</h5>
<p align=" justify">
The table below shows the respective responsibilities of each member of the project that in the change management process: <br> 
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Project Role</th>
    <th>Responsibilities</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Maria Theresa Reyes</td>
    <td>Project Sponsor</td>
    <td>Submit change request if deemed necessary    
review the change request log and reports to ensure alignment with changes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Stefano Franco Binay</td>
    <td>Project Manager</td>
    <td>Assess and verify the impact of change request along with the product owner & QA and reports to ensure alignment with changes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ken Angelo Carangan</td>
    <td>Product Owner</td>
    <td>Discuss the necessary changes and can approve or reject changes that do not align with the product objectives.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Marcus Medina</td>
    <td>Scrum Master/QA</td>
    <td>Facilitating the change control process within the Scrum framework and evaluating change requests to assess their impact on quality, functionality, and overall project objectives. They analyze the potential risks and benefits of proposed changes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Jan Terence Francisco</td>
    <td>Developer</td>
    <td>Execute the technical aspect of the change request action plan to ensure alignment with changes.    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Ryan Gabriel Candari</td>
    <td>Project Documentation Manager</td>
    <td>Will update the Change Log and create a Change Status Report and will send out the final Change Status Report across the team and stakeholders.</td>
  </tr>
</table> </p>

<h5>CHANGE CONTROL PROCESS</h5>
<p align=" justify">
The Change Control Process outlines the procedures throughout the project. It ensures that changes are properly evaluated, approved, and implemented in a controlled and systematic manner. The process typically involves the following stages:  <br> <br>
Change Identification → Change Evaluation → Change Approval → Change Implementation → Change Documentation <br> <br> </p>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Process step</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Change Log Status</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Change Identification  </td>
    <td>1. The Project Manager and sponsor will fill out and submits the 
  	change request form to initiate the request.</td>
    <td> Submitted</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Change Evaluation</td>
    <td>1.	 After receiving the request, the Project Manager, QA, and Product Owner will assess the impact of the change request. <br>
2.	If the impact is high, the Project Manager will then prepare a recommendation to approve. <br>
3.	The Change Coordinator will update the   <br>
Change Log and create a Change Status Report.    
</td>
    <td>In Review    
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Change Approval </td>
    <td>1. Product Owner can accept or reject an approval. </td>
    <td>Approved or denied </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Change Implementation</td>
    <td>1.	After the approval the changes are subject to be implemented in the system. </td>
    <td> In Progress </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Change Documentation   </td>
    <td>1.	Project Manager verifies that the changehas been implemented and reports to the Change Control Board. <br>
2.	The Change Coordinator will update the change Log and create a Change Status Report.<br>    
</td>
    <td>    Verifying    
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Change Request Closure    
</td>
    <td>The Change Coordinator will send out the final Change Status Report across the team and stakeholders.</td>
    <td>Closed </td>
  </tr>
</table>
